"Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, was looking for a direct line to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia — a search that in mid-December found him in a room with a Russian banker whose financial institution was deeply intertwined with Russian intelligence, and remains under sanction by the United States.
Federal and congressional investigators are now examining what exactly Mr. Kushner and the Russian banker, Sergey N. Gorkov, wanted from each other. The banker is a close associate of Mr. Putin, but he has not been known to play a diplomatic role for the Russian leader. That has raised questions about why he was meeting with Mr. Kushner at a crucial moment in the presidential transition, according to current and former officials familiar with the investigations.
But the half-hour meeting with Mr. Gorkov since has come under increasing scrutiny. The current and former American officials now say it may have been part of an effort by Mr. Kushner to establish a direct line to Mr. Putin outside of established diplomatic channels.
The meeting came as Mr. Trump was openly feuding with American intelligence agencies and their conclusion that Russia had tried to disrupt the presidential election and turn it in his favor.
In a statement on Monday, Ms. Hicks said that “Mr. Kushner was acting in his capacity as a transition official” in meeting with the Russians. Mr. Kushner has agreed to be interviewed by congressional investigators about the meetings, she said."
Is there no plausible situation, given we do not have full information about how this started - that someone could not justify the act?
To be clear, I'm definitely in your camp - and am guessing with good certainty that this was a thugish response to lively protest. 
Providing a full quote, rather than an representing the protesters as simply chanting an innocuous pro-USA chant is not a fair representation. /u/AlaDouche just provided the full context. Without any opinion, which nowadays makes me want to give a commenter a fucking medal. 
I'm only reacting to your comment really where you say "Tone of voice lost in text" only because the commenter simply did not have ANY tone to interpret. Providing a full quote shouldn't really be seen  as providing opinion or supporting a side - we (and myself included) often want to paint with a broad, black and white brush - which is always wrong, always - even though in situations like these it's almost irresistible. 
Sorry, don't mean to lecture. I'm sure if you look at my comments you can see I'm prone to pontificating for no one's benefit. :)
Nice spin job.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/bernie-sanders-fake-news-russia_us_58c34d97e4b0ed71826cdb36
Sorry for the source but this is exactly what I claimed, that there are examples of pro-contrarian social media/pages/etc accidentally exposing themselves. Spin, by no means am I saying Sanders support was generally astroturfed, just that there are examples of the messaged being co-opted.
There is FBI reporting on it, Russia tries every angle from neo-nazis to the more extreme chapters of BLM. Again, spin on your part, I never said BLM is controlled by the Russians, I said there are efforts to co-opt the message.
Currently the subject of four separate investigations, so yes, it is an accusation and possibility as I said.
I made an implication based on an unnatural trend that seems to happen with these threads and it is a known fact that Russia like many nations employs social media bot farms.
Between the snark, deliberate spin, and my professional experience, gonna have to write you off, buddy. You tried the objectivity angle and then exposed yourself when you were called out.
Went skydiving once and this mom and dad took their twin sons skydiving for their thirteenth birthday and it just happened to be the day me and a few friends went. The one kid was a sweetheart and genuinely curious about everything, which was a joy to watch, since this was obviously something he'd been waiting a while for, and he already knew so much.
But his twin brother was a little shit-stain. He was yelling, hopping around the plane, pretending to jump out of the door once we were high enough that the instructer opened it. He was making fun of his brother for various things, telling him shit like, "oh, you probably got the broken 'chute. You're gonna die when you hit the ground but it's gonna hurt." 
Poor kid was terrified by the time we reached the jump point but he soldiered on, bless him and his face at the bottom was beautiful with new joy.
His parents however, seemed at the end of their rope with their other son and despite their attempts to calm him down he just wouldn't. So the dad takes one of the other instructors aside and they whisper before the dad sits again.
The instructor walks over to the other son and roughly attaches him to himself as they were jumping together and without wanting (but safely, I'm sure) throws them himself and the boy out of the plane.
Once we all reached the ground and met up the kid was snow white and bug-eyed. He kept throwing up, sobbing, heaving, and he even peed himself.
He got a nice talk from the head instructor later about plane safety and etiquette, and generally just not being a twat-weasel. But at least his brother had fun.
So did I.  
Hyperbole.  The press is far from legitimate and the EPA wields  too much power, just to start.  The rest of that drivel is laughable and doesn't deserve a reply. 
I elected him to stop the globalist destruction of our country.  You may be laughing, but I'm not. Neither are a lot of people around the world. You can always find left wing zealots like yourself anywhere who will shout hyperbole and call him a buffoon, pointing to the left wing media for "proof".  The truth is that despite what CNN and huffpo tell you, the president and his administration is just fine.  Dems can do all the hand-wringing they want and say impeachment a thousand times, but that won't make it true.  The scandals they try to invent are simply not true or blown out of proportion.   
I get it.  You thought Hillary had it in the bag.  You had your "I'm with her" t-shirt on and ready to party on November 8th.  You feel sad and dejected and want nothing more than to see that mean old white guy pay for dashing Hillary's dreams.  You and your fellow lefties are grasping at any straw that comes in reach, hoping it will magically turn into something big.  I have some bad news for you.  Wanting it so bad won't make it happen.  He's still your president and we still control congress.  We will add at least 1, possibly 2 Supreme Court justices.  We will retain a majority in the house in 2018.  This train isn't slowing down.  
(part 2 of 2)
Anyway, the taboo against therapy or mild psychotropic meds (anything that seems to improve your demeanor without making you drool out of the left side of your mouth constantly) is minimal-to-none in NYC, from what I've experienced; and from what I've read, it's similar for other urban areas, contrasted to rural and even suburbia.   One article I read said something like, "because the population density is so low, there's a greatly increased chance that your therapist will turn out to know a lot of the other people in your town, most of whom you don't want to know about your treatment; it's hard to talk openly to a therapist about your experiences with other people, knowing that this therapist is friendly with most of these people, simply because there aren't too many people and the social connection webworks attach to most of the people who live around here, give or take a few degrees of separation."
In big cities, your therapist will usually be a complete stranger who doesn't know anybody you do (I'm generalizing from my experience, but since my teens I've seen... I just tallied them, it's 13 therapists in this city over 30 years, not counting school guidance counselors--I've never met a therapist who was even in similar social circles, let alone knowing anybody that I did.  Anonymity (relatively speaking) is all-but guaranteed when you seek a therapist in a big city, whereas, according to that article, smaller communities are so tightly web-network that there's a big chance your therapist will already know you and/or your family, creating a chilling effect for the client who (for therapy to work) has to open up a huge amount of trust.  
That issue ("how can I be sure nobody will find out about this") will even deter people from seeking MH treatment at all--they believe, on a very deep core level, that they HAVE to fight their anxiety, depression, irrationality, in order to continue believing in themselves: if they use medication to resolve these deeply troubling issues, it's "giving up", it's agreeing that something is wrong in your mind, and they CAN'T DO THAT because it's so opposite to their personal moral beliefs.
If you google it a little, bad mental health treatment is endemic in the armed forces.  Seriously bad; there are at least a few threads in the reddit archive about US soldiers stationed in south korea, and asking online "how do I find a local private therapist while I'm serving here?" (in one of the veteran-oriented subreddits, since they'd encountered this problem endlessly: the army's mental health care is almost criminally negligent).
And--again, going by articles turned up by google--this problem is at its worst in special ops units, rangers, delta, seals, force recon.  By virtue of their personality and training, they have to ignore problems, with something called the "porthole effect" that they train for (the gist is, they end up being able to detach their perception and their decisions from whatever agony they're in [for whatever reason]: being able to complete a mission despite unbelievable challenge and heavy wounds (e.g. gunshots).  
They train to be able to see those sensations, those awful body sensations of agony, as if they're in a boat looking through a porthole, seeing what's out there, not being controlled by it, not being controlled by pain or agony; being able to detach from those things and complete the mission without regard for their personal suffering (unless it literally, physically blocks them from helping.
So the problem is: special ops suffer PTSD just like other soldiers and civilians.  Not as easily, not all of them, and they don't always take it to heart... but sometimes they do feel serious long-term PTSD effects, and due to their training and their subculture demeanor, they can't credit the emotional pain as something that they can't completely overcome.  All bodily difficulty--body and brain--HAS to be completely under their control; it's a core belief of who they are and what they do, as special ops.  Willpower beats all.
But it actually doesn't.  Willpower alone generally can't eliminate PTSD effects.  But they can't admit they have a problem that isn't completely under their control (anxiety, panic attacks, depression, body/gender dysmorphia).  Even if they could get over that personal hurdle, their teammates will no longer unconditionally trust that person in a firefight or similarly dangerous situation.  They need (from what I've read) to be able to completely count on their peers in a battle, no pleading or mistrust or arguing, they need to act like a solid guided object made of human components, not something where the connections/orders/trust is loose and jiggly, more solid as a combo of mutually trusting teammates, joining like Voltron where each can trust the other.  It's absolutely essential, and seeking mental health treatment damages the extent to which your teammates can unconditionally trust you in an emergency situation.
TL;DR: the brain is complicated and unpredictable, much more complicated to treat than other organs, and if you admit to having something dysfunctional going on in the attic, some peers will definitely judge and avoid you because of it.  Thank the sweet baby jesus that it's so much less of an issue in big cities.
It's really insane how he created this base of poorer, less urban people to rally behind a Manhattan billionaire and his rich family. Not to mention that Kushner's dad. Jared Kushner would never stand up for his base or want to rub shoulders with them before his father in law decided to run for President. Him and his wife are New York elite corporate capitalists who don't exactly have respectable business practices and that's all they are. How they, and Trump himself got this rabid base still boggles my mind. 
It's interesting going back and looking at Trump's old tweets- the responses are ALL like this- 'you're an idiot' etc. but as you get to ones from the past two years it's full of sycophants. 
These people defend Jared and Ivanka-- for what? What have Jared and Ivanka ever done for these people? NOTHING. And they aren't the true liberal voices that people say they are. They are grifters and that's it. They don't understand what it's like to be someone who has a single economic or social struggle in life and they never will understand what it takes to help people who do. 
It's insane Trump gave Jared all of those responsibilities- fucking insulting to people who spend their lives to solving problems like middle east peace or whatever else he's been fucking tasked with. 
Yes its aweful. Im actually best friends and ex roommates with his sister, jeanette ((please keep my identity private for obvious reasons)) but she called me when she got the news Mike died, having no family in NC.  I remember going to her house when she found out the news and just holding her sobbing uncontrollably. She moved in with my husband and i shortly after. We were just talking about him this evening. The hurt is still there. She has since been married and i just came back from a cookout at her place. She has adjusted as well as possible but now is shook up again.
Mike left behind an adorable 3 (7-8 now) year old with his wife Samantha Gallagher. She has been very strong and active since Mike's death. Turning the tragedy into inspiration for others through her online blog..
Samantha also has(had) a 14 year old son named Quincy who Mike was in the process of adopting before that drunken/high do-nothing killed him. 
Im not 100% sure the details but Quincy wasn't adjusting so well, they had just moved and ge started a neww school, he left all his friends and its possible he was being bullied at the new school.
He spent hours breaking into the gun safe at home, texted his mom a note that he loved her and it wasnt her fault, then shot himself in the head.
Samantha rushed home to find him only a few moments afterward in his room. 
I honestly dont know how she hasnt committed suicide herself. First mike died right after they had their baby.  Now her son killed himself. 
Its all too heart breaking 
I know that if mike were around this could've been prevented.
These servicemen sacrfice so much, but so do their families.
I shared your post via facebook to Mikes sister but it kept being blocked so i texted it to her. Hope she finds comfort in knowing Mike made such a positive impact and peace in the fact that he is not forgotten.
My heart literally stopped when i was scrolling The _D and saw his photo.
Much love and hugs from one Patriot to another
You are forgetting two things. There is no such thing as "inherently." If there were, there wouldn't be a billion people who disagree profoundly with you. Your culture is simply different from theirs. And they have been doing those things for 1200 years. They started out in Arabia, and by conquest now have territory that extends from North Africa to Indonesia. That's a lot of terrain and a lot of time. And they like being them. Most people do. There is no "inherently." There is culture, and you can defend it or not.
Your culture derives from a religious vision. After two thousand years, you feel you can take the good fruits of that vision while dispensing with the main character in it. That's not a stupid concept! It is reasonable! BUT like socialism, it just doesn't work long term in the real world, when put into practice, even though it sounds so reasonable in the abstract. 
Your having an ethical life and family life, without the original cultural divine vision, is a little like proposing to have Hamlet without the main character. Without the main character, there is no play. Oddly enough, Hamlet has no lines in the opening and final acts, and is off stage for a long spell in the middle. But you still can't have Hamlet without Hamlet. 
What makes people happy often hurts others. 
So I think a pede like you should be a wooden-spoon Christian. A Christian whose religious engagement is as simple as a wooden spoon. The core salvific event of being Saved. The Ten Commandments. The Psalms. Some basic Bible narratives if you have time and energy, but they do repay study.
Forget complications. What is a complication? Anything that makes your head spin. Leave that to the theology majors. In fact, perhaps do not talk to too many theology majors.
Plain vanilla.
That girl meant, if there is no Big Punisher in the sky then people will be nice when they feel like it and may not when they strongly feel something else, and nobody is looking. She correctly knew she wasn't safe in a world like that. 
Resign yourself to the stories that sustained your ancestors and made you what you are. Without superstition, but with something that is the historic truth and essential truth about a person of your nation and ancestry.
That was a nice girl. Sometimes a man can allow himself to be taught by a woman if she is on to something. 
Don't act like the Democrats are perfect in this, you can't honestly believe that? 
And are you really retreating towards this Russia hacked the election shit? 
Even if they released emails they obtained, the dirt in the emails is what lost the election for you guys. Your lack of perception or maybe willful ignorance to not see the corruption at the deepest levels of your own party are disturbing. 
You do not want a confrontation with the average Trump supporter, they are usually heavily armed, and usually have actual combat experience. I'd suggest you think about what you are saying because hostile action will not favor your side. 
Really the issue here is the inability to look beyond your own worldview which you self identify in, Trump hurts your safe space and like a scared animal your fight instinct kicks in, and you eat up all of the hysteria like a catalyst feeding the flames of your fear and uncertainty.  I suppose as things to continue to crumble your party will continue to act out in violence. 
On her way to work one morning
Down the path along side the lake
A tender elven woman saw a poor half frozen orc
His ugly colored skin had been all frosted with the dew
"Poor thing," she cried, "I'll take you in and I'll take care of you"
"Take me in elven woman
Take me in, by Sauron's bulwark
Take me in, elven woman," sighed the orc
She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk
And laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk 
She hurried home from work that night and soon as she arrived 
She found that ugly orc she'd taken to had been revived
"Take me in, elven woman 
Take me in, snork snork snork
Take me in, elven woman," sighed the orc
She clutched him to her bosom, "You're so hideous," she cried
"And if I hadn't brought you in by now you'd have rightfully died"
She stroked his ugly skin again and sobbed and held him tight 
Instead of saying thanks, the orc gave her a vicious bite
"Take me in, elven woman 
Take me in, snork snork
Take me in, elvenwoman," sighed the orc
"I saved you," cried the woman
"And you've bitten me, but why?
You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die"
"Oh shut up, silly woman," said the Melkorian with a grin 
"You knew damn well I was an orc before you took me in 
"Take me in, elven woman 
Take me in, by Sauron's bulwark
Take me in, elven woman," sighed the orc
The way people talk about each other these days is so depressing.
By the way these agenda-having suits talk, there are only two types of people in this world: Liberals and Conservatives.
This dilution of individuality casts a plague on the merit of our individual opinions. Aren't you people getting tired of this shit? 
Trump as a president, regardless of his "side", has done nothing but make this divide worse. All because he lacks humility as a human being. He doesn't like being seen as a buffoon by a big chunk of people in the world, so he makes his supporters take up for him. They have no idea that Trump sees them as his goons. 
People are critical of presidents, and sure, there's a bias based on political identity. But Trump has such thin skin, all his attention goes into his reputation. You want to talk about "tolerance"? Are you kidding me?
Obama was called a Muslim, the antichrist, and ridiculed for what condiments he likes on his food. But he didn't put this at the forefront of his presidency like Trump has. 
How are people supposed to take such broad generalities seriously? You are a fool if you allow this convoluted perception the media (whether intentional or not) projects onto us to dictate how you deal with your everyday life. 
Are you sure, judging from what I've seen the entire movement should have been anti police brutality but BLM doesnt concern themselves or advocate for anyone that isnt their race even those who have it far far worse
I dont think it is since we arent seeing people from BLM working to help them.
Which is something I think most would agree with if you stopped making it a race issue. Segregation is backwards, racism towards ANYONE is wrong. Dont let the childish mindset of those around you make you a shit person, the world isn't revolved around race and you are not a victim.
Bush v. Gore didn't overturn an election result. It prevented a recount from going forward. The electoral college had not yet met. 
The power of judicial review was derived rather logically and directly from Article VI in 1803, and was seen as non-controversial even at the time. 
The power to nullify an election would be the broadest and most untethered increase of the court's power in history. The public interest of such a remedy to foreign intrusion would easily be outweighed by the upheaval and chaos such an action would cause and the potentially dangerous precedent it would send. The court would never put itself in that position, full stop. Every serious observer understands it's a fairy tale.
(Maybe Alito, Thomas, or Gorsuch would be willing to overturn an election where a liberal won, since they're bad jurists with little regard for our Democracy, but the liberal justices never would. Roberts never would. Kennedy never would.) 
Furthermore, even though I agree that Donald Trump wouldn't be President without Russian active measures, the fact remains there's no credible evidence that vote tallies were changed. Even if the court decided it had the power to nullify an election (which it wouldn't), would anything short of "the votes cast were altered" meet the standard for invalidity?
Are you kidding me you little piece of shit i’ll have you know i graduated top of my politics class and i’ve been involved in privilege checking with over 150 confirmed political demonstrations i’m trained in conflict resolution and i was the most oppressed person in my entire upper middle class high school you are nothing to me but another cultural appropriator i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which have never been seen on this side of the 49th parallel mark my words you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet think again fucker, as we speak i’m checking with my anarcho-communist analyst brigade for your location so you better be prepared to deal with some molotov cocktails and angry feminists flying through your window yOU’RE FUCKING DEAD CHERRY! i can be anywhere at any time and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways and that’s just with me boring you to death while i talk about privilege not only am i extensively trained in hotline management but i have access to an entire arsenal of sociological articles to prove my point and i will use them to wipe your fucking face off the earth you little shit if only you had known what oppressed retribution your cultural appropriation would unleash then maybe you would have held your fucking tongue but you couldn’t you’re fucking dead kiddo
You're losing more people to mass shootings (604 deaths in 2016, 469 in 2015) than us to terrorist acts on a yearly basis (90 in France in 2016 -counting the Nice attack- & 149 in 2015 -counting Charlie Hebdo and the Paris/Bataclan attacks-).
We could say that it's not too different if we look at a per capita ratio but you're getting these numbers year after year while we "need" a massive attack to reach 100+ each time.   
Then you have to take into account two things :     
Our governments are trying pretty hard to cull terrorist activities in fact, what is your government doing to cull those mass shootings that are a much bigger problem than terrorism in Germany ?
As a Navy Vet (I wanted to discover "Stress Free Venues"), they asked me to work on their ship (Rainbow). I said, No..Why would I want to go back out to sea when I was finally able to be home with my husband Background: I've only worked on Steam Ships, so out of my curiosity I wanted to know, How does the Ship move? I found no answer, but judging by the size, it (Rainbow) has to be a Steam Ship. I don't understand how you can move a Ship that large without Steam?  Still don't have that answer.
Greenpeace NYC took advantage of College Students. Granted it was only a week and I made my quota; I was the first one out of my group and recieved a lame prize T-Shirt that reads Crew Member. I felt like I was taking advantage of young college students for their money. The job was based upon meeting a money quota within 2 weeks or else you're fired; not about the environment; not about sea life or animals. We were given a script to memorize. I did ask if I could say my own thing, and was strictly told to stick to the script; one business man then called me a Communist. WTF? Thank Goodness for that Port Authority Officer. 
Side Note: Before we started working, we had to go around in a circle and say which "Pronoun" we prefer. I had never heard of that in my whole life, not even in the Military. It was pretty weird. I think it's a money making scheme.
We had one of these as our primary milk cows growing up. A fey thing at first, due to being mistreated by her first owners (she could jump fences like a deer), but we gradually won her over with a lot of brushing and home made molasses grain treats (like a granola). She provided milk and healthy calves for many years. We'd always rub her behind the ears when romping through the pasture.
There is nothing like freshly strained milk still warm from the cow. We'd run ours through a hand crank milk/cream separator, and thus always had lots of dairy products on hand. Combined with a couple of goats, we sold milk, cream, and eggs to neighbours. An old fridge stood on the porch. People would pick up their items, drop off empty containers, and place money in the jar on top of the fridge.
I wish everyone could live on a holistic farm like what you describe. It's hard work and you feel a lot of responsibility for the well being of everything and it feels good when everyone is healthy and happy. Of course it's not all sunshine and roses. While we did raise (other) animals for slaughter, they all had wonderful comfortable lives right up until the last possible moment. 
I can't believe I'm about to defend a Trumpist, but they're right.
Job Corps is a joke, and the training and high school level education are nearly useless, unless you consider a bricklaying or CNA student getting a job flipping burgers at BK to be successful training and employment in their field. That's success in Job Corps' eyes. The training I recieved as a computer & mobile device repair student was so shoddy and out of date that when I got employed in my field (no thanks to Job Corps), I had to retrain with my employer like I had never done any schooling in the first place.
Many centers are drug, sex, and crime infested shitholes. Drugs were openly sold on campus. Fights were a near daily occurence. Sex was a constant despite being against the program's rules, it was a common sight to see a female student masturbating in front of her dorm's window. Staff members knew, some of the male ones would sit in the courtyard and watch.
A student at my center was hacked to death with a fucking machete by other students that sold drugs there. 
http://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/crime/article31564502.html
The administration knew they were selling drugs and didn't give a fuck. I know they knew because I told them about it. That wasn't even the first murder on a Job Corps campus that year.
Here's the key parts of the article:
Had a company that makes tamper proof plaques for some sort of medical use.  They came in with a list of their technology requirements.  The boss gave them a quote with everything proper and suited to their needs.  They literally laughed at the price and went on to buy 10 refurbished machines running software firewalls because they'd been told those are just as good as a proper hardware firewall.  A few months later they came in with their "server" because the shop they bought it from could not remove a virus.  Instead of browsing porn on their "workstations" they browsed porn on their "server" and by browsed I mean downloaded weird porn from weird places and the machine's contents were being uploaded.
But hey at least they saved $10,000 by losing all those "tamper proof" plaques!  The real problem is that governments and professional organizations don't levy proper penalties for this shit.  Those guy's lost all that data and I'm sure they never told their clients so they didn't actually suffer for their idiotic choices.
Um. No.  You're clearly not familiar with how our legal system works. A person has unfettered freedom of speech in public, and in/on their property.  That speech is only actionable under the law if they commit libel or defamation. 
Both of those crimes require the injured property to prove in court that the allegations are false.  Both crimes require that the person telling the story know for a fact that it is not true. Both crimes require the injured party to demonstrate concrete evidence of monetary damages.
News-flash--a bunch of Russian bankers cannot prove whether the contents of an intelligence document are true, false, or anything else.  They also can't show damages without opening their books up to the court and discovery, and I promise you Russian bankers are not going to subject their books to an American court.
The first amendment doesn't just prevent the government from impeding your speech. It prevents anyone else from doing so in a public space.  SCOTUS opened up the 1st amendment to apply to non-government entities a long fucking time ago.  
I have family I adore "over there". Once they got to know me they were all surprised that I wasn't shitty. At first I found myself nodding along like, omg yeah, that SUCKS. So many things we do and have done sucked. It's all true. 
And they hated me up front. Guilty until proven innocent. That was a rude awakening for me. When people who don't live here who haven't visited and h di t even know any Americans put us down? Nope. 
One of my college roomies moved to CA after graduation, she had a roommate in grad school who was from Uzbekistan. That shit did NOT go well. Her roommate had a patron in Paris who paid for everything while my pal worked her ass off. And you know what? That girl hated Americans. 
Maybe some of us really suck. We don't learn the language. Loud, entitled. All of those things are repulsive here, too. Think about it though- how many people do you know like that? 
Even the people I unfortunately know who did vote for Trump wouldn't be identifiable in a crowd. It's just like people here underestimating Obama. Fuck anyone who hates on me for who I am. You think this shit is easy? 
I'm sure it's just my own personal failings. That's not sarcasm. 
I'm saying that there are multiple factors that lead to Trump getting elected.  The Clinton campaign/DNC/media set the stage by elevating Trump & Hilary then the Russians exploited the dangerous situation they created by exposing what was done.  Yes, I think the Russians probably played a role in Trump getting elected.  However, I think it was a small role in comparison to the epic fuck up of the media/DNC/Clinton campaign.  THEY were the ones subverting our democratic process and the Russian's interference was merely exposing that subversion.  Of course the media is never going to go with the real story because they were complicit so this Russia narrative is being pushed down our throats instead and most people are eating it up because they need some kind of hope to cling to with the insanity that was unleashed on us.  It also gives the CIA/FBI an excuse to dig through everything they can get their hands on related to Trump and I'm sure they'll find something on him to get him impeached.  I suspect it won't be related to Russia, but they'll probably find something unrelated since he's stupid and corrupt.  But I think the lunatics on his side are correct that this is a witch hunt and I suspect if he is impeached on some unrelated technicality all hell is going to break loose.  Personally I hope Trump gets impeached because he's a sociopath and doesn't have a clue what he's doing, but I hope once he gets removed the corruption of our democratic process FROM THE INSIDE is addressed with as much fervor as this Russia hysteria.
Medicinal use of methamphetamine is very small in the USA.  Heroin is legal for doctors to prescribe in Canada but is extremely rarely done so, while it is completely banned in the USA.  Drugs like amphetamine and morphine are available in both countries and are prescribed pretty often. 
What you're describing isn't the cause of the difference in violent crime.  It's because the US makes being a drug trafficker an all-in proposition. Once you've broken those laws you really can't go back.  
Consider a young guy who desperately needs money. Probably because he's meth addict.  And thinks he's so clever to mail order $200 of meth and sell it to his sleazy friends.  He does it a couple more times.  Sells maybe $5000 in a couple years. If the police and prosecutors do it right, they can get him for multiple counts of meth trafficking on federal charges and he goes to prison for 20 years, period.  No early parole federally in the US, you know.   
A lot of aggressive young men would rather risk a shootout than go to prison that long.  Given they're guilty of crimes punished as harshly as murder, why not commit murder and rob your rivals?  What have you fucking got to lose?  It just gets worse from there.
When the system works right in Canada, and honestly it often doesn't but it sometimes does, that young man gets 3 months in local jail, drug counselling, parole for a few years (violation like possession means back to jail for a month or two and more rehab) and then they try to find a job placement for him.  
It's easier to go back to normal life here too.  Arrest mugshots for such crimes don't make the papers. It's illegal to discriminate because of criminal record without reason in about half of the provinces (no drug addicts working in pharmacies, no fraudsters working for banks -- but they can work in a store or factory or office).
So, hopefully, he goes damn fuck that was a stupid thing to do I wrecked like two years of my life, and he either straightens out, or at least doesn't do more than only repeat the same small scale stupid shit, and not go for the big leagues moving kilos and stocking ammo -- where he would in fact probably spend 5 or 35 years in federal prison. 
And I'm saying it as an IT specialist.
Although I blame the NSA first and foremost, I would rather hospitals not be vulnerable to malware hopping from point to point over the network using Server Message Block on port 445, without even requiring user interaction.
This involves sensitive medical information which patients want safeguarded and kept confidential. Equipment must function properly when hooked up to medical hardware. Emergency rooms must be capable of taking in patients and functioning at all times.
Hospitals form part of critical infrastructure. IT is an essential part in delivering medical care, including emergency care, to those who need it. 
You have as many doctors working as you want, none of them can function properly without their IT systems. I'm talking medical dossiers, medicine database and patient profiles, efficient communication with other medical experts, operating medical hardware, monitoring critically ill patients, scheduling operations, patient placement and logistics, accessing crucial medical documentation, and so on and so forth.
Yes, it costs money. I worked in large organizations, they upgrade because they have to. 
They'll just have to increase the budget, won't they? The United Kingdom is a first world country, Jesus fucking Christ.
If applications don't work on Windows 7 but only in XP, Windows offers a complete fucking virtual instance of Windows XP running inside Windows 7 to accommodate.
Not that any sane software supplier would sell products only available for a system released in 2001, but hey, don't let your fantasy stop you.
Also, if they product in question is no longer supplied or supported because the supplier went out of business a decade ago then find a fucking alternative.
You can ring your peers in Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands or Belgium and ask them how they get buy, I'm sure they can assist.
My God, this is such an insincere, artificial, complete bullshit argument by stubborn liars, and if you have the expertise to prick through that like I (and presumably you) do, there can be no excuse.
These cuts to essential services like policing and technical medical infrastructure stem from a diseased ideology currently gripping the U.S. and to a lesser extent, the U.K. and even other neighboring countries once regarded as "Socialist". That ideology that knows that a filthy rich upper class has emerged which has its own separate tier of services for everything - security, medical care, education - so they have their puppets and/or like-minded ideologues in government destroy public services so they can save on their taxes.
No. Most cultures tend to produce terrorists at some point. Not subcultures. You said cultures in your original comment,  so please dont twist your own words. 
We ARE being educated on this now, and no, it won't entirely stop radicalisation. Nothing will stop that. 
If you really don't know why ISIS would be born from frustration, don't ask me. I honestly don't have the time or patience to explain it to Reddit. Do some study.
I did not say ISIS are not a problem for the Muslim faith. Of course they are, they are constantly associated with them. But Muslims and ISIS are not synonymous with each other. In fact, that was the basis of my point. You're doing backflips now. And to say that Muslims don't integrate? Wow.
I was hoping to have an academic exploration of your views as they clash with basically everything I am being taught on the subject at Uni, and moreover, I think they are dangerous, but within two comments you're already throwing insults and more assumptions and misunderstandings about what I said. So I feel like I'd rather just go outside and enjoy the sunshine. 
Have a nice day. 
I'm not a fan of Donald Trump - and as much as I would love for this to be solid information - it's not.  
Do you really think he's going to allow anything except dumb misinformation that distracts you?  Look around for another source on this story.  Is anyone talking about it from any other publication?  Do you really think he's going to let them talk down to 'daddy' on a media publication they own?  No; this is to appear as if they're allowing factual information when in all reality, this probably originated from a tweet.  
This is the same kind of bullshit they released all through the general to make it appear they were pro Sanders.  What a complete load of horse shit.  I'm not even clicking this link to generate ad revenue for them.  Let me know when there's a better source and then maybe we should consider the information.
Can't find anything anywhere except for shady ass clickbait sites who are just copying and pasting this article.
Why do you take it as a personal attack when I say America is shitty?  This is as much my country as yours.  I'm not saying you are shitty, I'm not saying your ideas are shitty, I'm not even saying your outlook is shitty.  But I am saying that the nation we live in is shitty right now.  
I want to fix the problems because I love America's potential, but I sure as hell don't love America as it stands, or even America as it once stood. 
These are big, huge topics that we're brushing against, and I think you have absolutely valid points.  If we could sit down and talk about it I think we'd come to a better understanding of each other, and probably realize we're on the same side.  
But via Reddit?  We're never going to fully express ourselves.  Not unless we write 15 pages or so of careful explanation.  I just wish I knew more people on the other side and I could sit down and talk to them peacefully, because most of the fighting and the anger stems from ideas that aren't fully formed or expressed, leading the other side to jump to conclusions, and resulting in both sides just getting angry and frustrated.  
We're on the same side.  We disagree semantics and some of the details, but we both what our country to do better.  That's what really matters.  
I can confirm on my background that John Schindler is lying. There was no global town hall recently (this is a thing but Adm Rogers would not talk about an ECI-protected investigation to the entire enterprise) and his Twitter feed is generally full of shit. He's a bored, retired keyboard warrior without any real contacts, and I'm personally 90% convinced he's recycling bullshit with Louise Mensch and Clause Taylor using alt accounts.
However, I can confirm (even as a non-Ru analyst) that SIGINT/cyber efforts exists showing: A) that GRU is 100% Guccifer2.0/WL's source and was behind the DNC exploitation ("muh FBI didn't even get to see servers"...you don't have to see their physical servers if you can see every transaction coming in and out of the US.thinkingguy.meme), we  could debunk Seth Rich theories overnight if we wanted to burn a pretty damning source in terms of access we have to Russian secure networks (it would be 'Ru nationalists on suicide watch' if it was publicly dislosed how fucked their industries and Intel agencies are, your taxpayer money/the tools we have access to don't go to waste), B) there are Russian officials, intelligence workers, and oligarchs who have discussed existence and strengthening  of collusion with US persons in relation to generally aiding the Trump campaign and presidency, C) there is fresh reporting to this day on further Ru efforts to compromise all Western politicians thru cyber means, and D) despite some dumbass crackpot theory from a Trumpista I saw on roddit saying "Rogers is akshyually fighting the Deep State and will bury this Russia nonsense", Adm Rogers has not only made sure Ru analysts are protected and get every resource they need, he stood up a special op just to redouble on anything US-related in terms of Russian intelligence activity.
Again, this is just what an East Asia analyst with baseline access to Russia reporting sees, I can only imagine the stuff gets more damning the more it gets into ECI/controlled investigation access territory. Hell, I don't even feel too bad talking about any of this because all four of these points have been more or less discussed at the Congressional hearings involving Adm Rogers. I'm just trying to reinforce that you have to mind your sources when it comes to weirdos like John and that the MAGApedes are not in for a good time over the next year if they really want to continue to religiously believe there's no alternative besides "Seth Rich and Obama will got locked up soon".
From a Washington Post article for some background context:
And Flynn was there too.
Again, depending on the teams (local or historically "big" rivalries will get more cops buzzing around to quell any trouble) obviously the security is going to be stepped up in and around the ground.
However, United and Crystal Palace are in no way shape or form major or big rivals with each other, so there would be no need than anything but the regularly mandated PL guidline number of Officers. And again, whatever cordons and strict security measures may have been in place before the game are probably going to be relaxed to expedite the timely removal of the people from the area after the game. All they had to do at that point is say they're supposed to meet someone at the game, is it alright if they stand a bit further up to make themselves more visible to their mates and they can pick their spot.
(Any time I was near Old Trafford, I was inside watching a game, but I've gone to concerts where an entire town was shut off by the cops from about 10 am, yet at 10 pm when it finished, I was picked up by a friend's mum inside the police cordon, not really a stretch to imagine it happening outside Old Trafford.)
My rant?  Whatever.  
Parties are incredibly contexual and change their beliefs all the time.  It doesn't matter what the parties did 50 years ago, because they wouldn't necessarily support those things now.  
The left lately is the party of anti-war.  So I could have seen them wanting to distance us from abroad (and then use the cut spending on social programs). 
What I cannot understand is our republicans, the most recent party of warhawks, from wanting to distance from our traditional allies to cozy up to our traditional enemies.   I mean, what the hell?  They want to trade fellow democratic contries with modern militaries we're already allied with and the associated modern economies for broke ass russia?
A sensible man? Yes. Sensible politician? No...
If you had a choice between Trump and David Duke of the KKK, who would you vote for? Exactly.
Bernie seems like a great man but it worries me that he has no comprehension of economics.
The existence of disgusting corrupt company executives does not negate the benefits of capitalism nor somehow make it wise or even smart to finance free-college for anyone.
I absolutely disagree with that. Free job training? YOU BET! Let's do that. 
Free college? In the US, only white liberal Americans or the rare severely impoverished random person would think college being free without putting any effort into getting in free would be a wise choice.
Why do you think having a Bachelor's degree is garbage now? Bachelors degree used to mean something.
The moment any moron can go to college without debt, now everyone will go to college and you will live in a society where truly you can't get a job unless you have a masters degree.
You know whats cooler than that? Apprenticeships, bootcamps and technical schools with zero accreditation.
Why? Look at me. 5 years of college 10 years ago. 12 week programming boot camp in 2016 and yoga instructor certification and now hired with zero experience with flying colors on my quarterly reviews and opening my new studio.
Banking on both. 
In 2015? Unemployed.   So there. Free training. Not free school. Bernie is awesome. But him being awesome does not make him right. He is a compassionate, seemingly sweet man. But he is also wrong. 
I saw a top comment trying to put 'context' to the situation, and framed the whole thing with a Russian spin. Trump is in bed with Russia, and the PM isn't pro-Russia, so Trump was pushing him etc etc... Massively upvoted. Or did you notice the comments that would frame his face or body gestures like someone who is arrogant, or a bully or even a child. It's incredible. It's like these people are so filled with hate and delusion, they sit and wait for any moment to project their hatred on Trump without any restraint, without context, without even more than a couple of seconds of video. Facts don't matter. Context doesn't matter.
Luckily for us we get the chance to go look at all those threads that were plastered up and down the front page, filled with nothing but bashing Trump, and see just how vile, and how many wild and crazy claims and assertions were being made. Just a bunch of projected hate, surrounded by a bunch of  silly fairy tale conspiracy theories about Russian hackers and more. Not to mention all the character slander. Sad. 
Except for one fact you're missing here... All those 24 hour news shows are now opinion shows, meaning even if your law passed and only applied to news, it still wouldn't do anything. They'd rebrand as entertainment, nobody would notice, and they'd continue on. Nobody would willingly identify as a news network or show if printing an inaccurate statement brought criminal charges. 
So either this law does too much and grants censorship powers to those in charge, or it does too little and has too little of an effect to change anything. 
We are far better off using "soft power" solutions, like boycotting advertisers, promoting civics education that teaches students to read multiple sources, and fighting back against false claims with patience and evidence. Pushing Facebook to mark fake news, and possibly to bring sources into the timeline that don't align with their views or communities, does far more than spending political capital to weaken the first amendment would. 
Making a law doesn't fix everything. For liberal ideals to win what we really need is to live the and promote them in our own communities, rather than trying to just legislate every single problem. It's more complicated of an issue than that. 
Frankly, we don't.
Conforming because other countries like it is not a reason.
You don't force people to hand over their money that they earned and that is what you are advocating for.
An easy way to solve the issue would be to return power to the states and have the feds only run military and international relations. Reason being is that people where I live (Tennessee) have different goals and lifestyles than people in California, New York and most everywhere else.
On a personal note, I have family in Canada and, for anything other than general care, they come down here (it's only happened once). The doctors would have been forced to try 2 or 3 different medical procedures before doing what they already knew what needed to be done BECAUSE the government is running it and wants them to do the cheapest options first. So they came down here, had the doctors from Canada fax the files, paid the doctor here and got what they needed done in a week(?) or so after all the prep and stuff... just a personal example of that awesome politician ran healthcare.
At some point we have to actually stop covering for terrible Republican policies and just let them hurt their own voters. I don't want to see red states collapse, but if we continue to keep softening the blow of the punishment Republicans inflict on their own supporters, while still getting blamed for it at the cost of federal power, it just doesn't seem worthwhile. If we want to fight back, we've got to cut them off economically - stop visiting red states, stop buying from red states, move out of red states, etc. and then we need to put as much effort as humanely possible into filling our state houses with non-Republicans and enacting sweeping progressive state-level policies and interstate-compacts to minimize the damage that a Republican-controlled DC is clearly willing to do.
We've been pulling up red Americas bootstraps for them for decades and all they have done is get crazier and more dangerous - at some point it's time to tone down the bleeding hearts and circle the fucking wagons.
How socially inept are you? Like seriously. Are you that devoid of social norms?
Not everything needs to be completely broken down with flaws pointed out, sometimes you can just leave a good story alone without pointing out "the better way to handle the situation" in order to make yourself feel validated and more intelligent; because you can say all you want that you hope to "educate people", but you only wrote that to make yourself feel intelligent.
Yes, I'm sure there are much more medically proficient ways to remove nails from a girl's skull than having them pulled out by a homeless guys hands, but that's not the point of this story. The point of this story is that, while true evil brought these acts to light, the good of humanity was also highlighted; the guy you're criticizing represents the best of society.
You criticizing his actions is the equivalent of visiting someone in the hospital after they survive a horrific car accident, but instead of being happy they're alive and reveling in the good, you take that time to criticize them for their poor driving skills.
There's a time and a place for "advice". In a thread highlighting people who risked their lives in a way most other wouldn't, it's not the "time or place" for your "tips".
This is the problem. There's no need to insult people. Just because they don't believe what you believe in doesn't make them a heartless bastard. They have thoughts and beliefs just like you do, and just because they're different from yours doesn't make them a "bastard". Red/conservative (usually) just happen to grow up independent of one another, typically in more spread out areas. Every man for themselves/man up/survival of the fittest. Blue/liberal just happen to be born into city life. Everyone is part of a bigger picture, and if everyone pools their resources... the whole can be made greater. But everyone wants to attack one another instead of figuring out a common ground. Nothing is ever gonna change because we argue amongst ourselves like children while we elect people to go collect a pension and the more we argue, the better it is for them 
We're trying to fit square pegs into round holes anyways... we're never gonna agree with each other as a country. There has to be a better alternative to the two party system. I just... idfk... we all need.to stop this shit. The rural/red don't want their tax dollars going to "big city junkies"... but... they get more benefits from those millions of people living in that big city than they ever would by just being a closed system, with then just living off the taxes collected from the 5k people living in that small town.
I'm so... done with how this country operates. But anyways... the person you responded to isn't just some dickhead who doesn't agree with you. They're American. They have a basis for what they think. I wish we could have a giant town hall meeting where we could hash this shit out
"Tonight, as Greg was giving a separate interview in a private office, The Guardian's Ben Jacobs entered the office without permission, aggressively shoved a recorder in Greg's face, and began asking badgering questions," the campaign said. "Jacobs was asked to leave. After asking Jacobs to lower the recorder, Jacobs declined. Greg then attempted to grab the phone that was pushed in his face. Jacobs grabbed Greg's wrist, and spun away from Greg, pushing them both to the ground. It's unfortunate that this aggressive behavior from a liberal journalist created this scene at our campaign volunteer BBQ."
I'm not going to applaud his temper, but I'd want to hear the entire audio to gather the truth. I doubt we'll hear it though, since the Guardian has no interest in pushing anything aside from their narrative.
This was at his volunteer BBQ. If this was a celebrity dealing with the paparazzi, he would would be applauded. My guess it was his goal to instigate something, rather than to gather statements, probably attempting to aggravate a man with a known temper. With what we know about this, I'm more disgusted with the reporter than the politician.
Thanks for the lecture, it appears you missed the parts of my comments where I pretty much acknowledged everything you said...
I was never on the debate team in school, but I feel like conceding the point to the person you're talking to is a pretty shitty method of arguing with someone.
Also, this whole idea that you cannot have an opinion if you're not part of whatever group is being discussed is absolutely ridiculous. I'm agnostic and had to explain to my catholic friend why christianity is not synonymous with catholicism, and basically the entire history of the protestant reformation. Given that is an extreme example because he is admittedly a pretty horrible catholic, but just because I'm not christian, or gay, or black, or a certain nationality doesn't mean I'm not allowed to discuss my opinions on matters that relate to those communities. Disagreeing with someone isn't the same as not respecting them.
That being said, I'm fully aware I'm not part of the LGBT community and absolutely recognize their ownership of the event, so if they want it to be about flipping the script and making straight people feel like outsiders for a day, that is absolutely their choice. That just wasn't what I understood the event to be about.
First of all, the reason it should be taken out of the hands of politicians has nothing to do with whether either/both sides engage in gerrymandering. A simple case about conflicts of interest is sufficient without ever having to point fingers at individual parties or individual politicians. 
Second, it DOES matter that when you accuse both major parties of doing something unethical that you don't do so in a way that suggests (implicitly or explicitly) that all parties do so equally. Things like voter apathy, low voter turnout, voter disenfranchisement and much of the existence of voting for inexperienced "outsiders" with no ability to work on politics happens when people feel like all politicians are the same, all political parties are the same, etc. If the entire country genuinely believed that, despite their faults, the Democrats were on average more interested in looking out for their best interests and operating ethically then more people would vote for them. With intentional and unintentional narratives of both parties being "the same" and "equally bad", partisanship will just get worse.
Knowing intent is one of the hardest things to do.  War and criminal courts are also widely different. The very same action taken in Iraq can get you a medal, in Vermont would make you a monster. 
We can obviously see a lack of concern in the way Assad drops bombs. No guidance systems means he can't intend to hit anything, he just drops them on rebel areas. Dumb bombs hit without precision. Our bombs however are guided. We watch our targets for days for a perfect opportunity. 
https://www.thebureauinvestigates.com/stories/2012-02-04/cia-tactics-in-pakistan-include-targeting-rescuers-and-funerals
We've also bombed weddings. 
I wouldn't compare Americas actions to those of Isis. They intentionally target innocents with zero military value. I wouldn't differentiate too much between Assad and America however, we just have smarter weapons and our backs aren't to the wall. If America was loosing a war like Assad, our brutality would also be exposed. Ask Dresden or Tokyo how America bombs. Or Saigon. Or Mosul. Or Fallujah. Even we sometimes target areas where we know for sure, we will kill innocents. 
I literally know next to nothing about sandy hook but you need to realize there is always a way to come up with a crazy alternative theory. It's totally fine to claim the sky is orange if you think there is good reason to believe that the government sprays an aerosol that changes the light cones in your eyes or some other nonsense. I think I've heard shit about actors or lying parents? It doesn't matter if you think there's no evidence, they will definitely come up with detail after detail to defy that point and my point is that it's basically never "it happened or it didn't"; conspiracies are the systematic denial of whether something happened a certain way or not. It's almost tautologically wrong to claim there is only black or white when you step into the hypothetical world of such thought experiments, and as crazy as I agree that most of those theories are, I think it's dumb to make your arguing point "there is no opinion on this, it's definitely 100% the way I say it is". That doesn't get you anywhere philosophically.
The unborn grandsons/great-grandsons of the politicians will be fine. They'll have plenty of money to buy shit to protect themselves from the cosmic-scale fuckups of their progenitors.
I read a bit of Adams' stuff, and generally it just comes across as climate change denialism. The world paradigm is not going to shift because Trump got elected; he's already doing a fine job of self-destructing, and he was primarily granted his office because he was the only candidate with a motivated base of supporters (even if that base was generally lacking in the IQ department). Granted, I think he makes a lot of good points, but to me it looks like a lot of wishful thinking. 
I don't trust the judgment of anyone who seriously thinks Trump can "change" the world. Trump is scum; it was painfully obvious he was scum before the election - not because of his principles, but because he has none - and anybody who didn't recognize that is lacking the same innate radar that separates those who resist fascism and Darwinian governmental theory in any given place and time period from those who blindly follow because rah-rah-rah-pep-rally! 
August 6th 2016
Daily mail
Joel, 68, also revealed to Daily Mail Online that four days before his death, Seth learned he had been chosen to work on Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign – a career triumph for a young man who spent his life dedicated to politics.
He said: 'He'd worked on senate and house campaigns but he'd always wanted to work on a presidential campaign.
'He had just found out they wanted him and he was probably going to be moving up to Brooklyn through the election. He was really excited about that.'
Following his death, the Rich family found a draft of an email Seth had written but it was unclear who the recipient was.
Omaha.com reported that it read: 'All my life, I've only wanted to make a difference so that I might be able to one day tell people that I mattered.' 
Joel Rich told Daily Mail Online that he wasn't sure who the email was for but said that it was 'definitely Seth' in terms of sentiment. 
CRIMEWATCH
SEPTEMBER 30th 2016 
"He had just found out he was going to go to work for the Clinton campaign doing data analysis and helping getting people out to vote," said
Seth's parents say he got the offer but tragically never had the chance to accept. They found the beginnings of his letter of acceptance in a draft email on his computer. Seth had only typed two lines, and his parents are sharing it with us.
"'All my life I wanted to be in a position that I can make a difference.' That resonates with me because that is the heart of what my son would have said, and working on Hillary's campaign, he would be making a difference," said Mary Rich, Seth's mother.
both of these interviews are on video.
So what exactly is your conclusion on this: "Shit happens, terrorism happens, c'est la vie", or what? That we should just let it happen because it's going to die down if we just ignore it and educate the migrants? To me, it seems as if you have some sort of personal connection to Islam, like some part of your family is Muslim and you just want to calm down worried Westerners who think you or someone in your family is going to blow them up. Not that it really has anything to say as an argument, but it's quite obvious that you have some level of pro-Islam bias.
All I know is that countries like Japan that prohibit immigration altogether have close to 0 Islamist terrorist attacks if they ever had any, and countries with high Muslim immigration numbers experience major Muslim terrorist attacks a couple times every year. This tells me everything I need to know.
That being said, it's really our own fault for buying oil and selling weapons to Muslim countries. There's really no benefits to making deals with "the devil"(that's a metaphor, I'm not religious).
less false hoods and ask more questions. 100% agree. Nobody should be using this boy's death for their own political gain by being deliberately dishonest. However there are many many questions and the police department or the FBI has not been honest with any of us.
An innocent loving man, boyfriend and hard worker was murdered last year and somebody knows why.
It wasn't a robbery, I don't understand how they can claim it was a robbery when nothing was missing and no evidence suggests it was a robbery at all. 
His parent's videos addressing this do not suggest the tone of a lot of the comments in this thread or even the title of this post. They want answers too. The fact the DNC is hovering over them through this ordeal is very very confusing. The leadership of the DNC has remained silent on Seth's death, but a handler from the DNC is hovering over the parents of Seth Rich, why?
The fact that it took an uproar from the people to get the media's attention on this is sickening. To make it worse the only articles we are seeing from the main stream media are "leave the family alone!" or "this is a conspiracy theory"
No! do not tell us what to do, think or feel! Seth Rich deserves justice and the public deserves answers. That could have been any of us that night who got gunned down in a senseless act of violence. 
Trumps first big tour on his job is to the Levant.
"War on Drugs" - no.... drugs against war.  War on art interpretation.  Which art?  The clothing you wear, the Fox News presentation technique, the ruling of history, again and again.
Why did Richard Nixon start the war on drugs in 1972? Because it unravels Kings/Queens/Ruling Classes everywhere.
Or do people still think Trump's visit to Mecca owners, the moon symbol on top of every Mosque, doesn't psychologically relate to NASA / Moon Landing 1969 and homegrown denial, conspiracy theory with "factual" photograph evidence, and psyche fear?  Walking on a religion whose symbol was literally the moon might have created an enemy.  Yet, we aren't fighting the paper tiger of a book, are we, we are fighting with military industrial complex investment and financing.
Do billionaire corps control the copyright rules of fiction in the USA? Don't so many artists sell out to the structure?
The greatest fear is a peer to peer, equality structure, something where 1% doesn't rake in the casino profits of the 99%.
Hahaha, wanna know something funny ?
Manchester is traditionally a labor area, but I cannot find a single person (I have asked almost everyone I know) who actually likes Comrade Corbyn, can you believe that ?
Not a single one.
Because of him the Labor party is in ruins, and I don't use that term lightly, he has literally destroyed what political power they have, and opinion polls rate him more popular than only one other politician, that being Tony Blair; Who might I add is the Most unpopular politician in the UK.
I am from a very poor family, parents separated, very low income (My mum makes £14,000-£16,000 a year working roughly 70 hour weeks) 
"He should be the politician for us, the man of the people, the person who says he is working for the common man"
My parents think he is a deluded idiot, and not a single one of us think he is going to win nor want him to win. His core supporters are middle class people who have delusions of what he represents,  pretty much every other person  I know thinks the same, so don't worry, he is never going to make it into Power.
My mother's grandfather was burned alive by Russian backed Armenian soldiers one year before Armenian Genocide in Erzurum along with all the grown village men at the village mosque. They were gathered there on gun point and told they would be listening to a manifest reading and would get set free after that. That's why none of them tried to do anything. They were ordinary village folk. 
Have you ever read this portion of the events during your studies? I didn't mention this side of the events until now because I feel like mentioning such things seem like I defend Armenian Genocide somehow. People are already predisposed to think I don't wholeheartedly grieve and accept the genocide. I know the proportions of suffering can't be compared. 
My background, 30s, outspoken atheist after 20 years of Islam because I am a skeptic. That skepticism led me to believe our version of events being fed to people is just propaganda and then I went on a quest to see what non Turks have to say about it. I was one of the thousands out there protesting when Armenian journalist Hrant Dink was murdered. I read your side of the story and came to take most of it as facts but there was a deliberate attempt at tailoring the narrative to strengthen the cause. Armenians in Armenia are indoctrinated same as Turks in Turkey. Anyway nothing Armenians did justify blown out of propertion monstrous actions by Turks.  But omitting that part of the story makes it seem like Turks were just rabid dogs suddenly turned on Armenians whom they have been living with and without massacring for hundreds of years. That's what lobbyists want worl to think because it is more impactful that way. 
Japan is not better because they are seen more relatable than Turkey. They have major flaws and backwards thinking when it comes to gender equality, sexualizing minors and pedophilia, stumped economy since early 2000, officially allowed widespread mafia organizations running billion dolar industies, racism (especially against black people and chinese), salaryman slavery disguised as work, gang violence until late 90s and on and on. Just because they are better than Turkey doesn't mean they are doing just peachy thanks to correctional gaze of invading overlords. They turn a blind eye to their massacres and inhuman acts too. Not a good example overall. 
What seperates those two countries from us that they gained wealth through technological advancement and innovation. Ataturk you don't approve tried to do exactly the same. Had he enough time to completely implement his ideas we might have had a better economy too. You can see all around the world fredom and quality of democracy corelates heavily with national prosperity. You are giving those two countries as examples but there are tens of others invaded and colonized by same european emperialists and look how are they holding up now. Turkey's technological and industrial advancement was sole priority for Ataturk and after he left people in power tried everything they can do to stop that bandwagon. There were also individual entrepreneurs who could have been Fords and Edisons of this country who were forcefully shunned. Vecihi Hurkus, aviation enthusiast, built and engineered planes nearly entirely by himself. Carried his own plane in parts to Europe to showcase on his own budget during WW2. Got an order from Belgians iirc to build planes for them. Returned to country to beg officials let him. Shunned and discarded on purpose. Died in poverty. This is one of the many examples. You think we would be better off with allied invaders remaining as authorities. Who says they didn't? After Ataturk they crept back in. They were pulling the strings behind the curtain until recently. If this sounds like a tinfoil theory I invite you to further reading near history of Turkish state and you can see how an invisible hand stops anything that is getting too good for Turkey. Read about Marshal aid, the Village Institutions and why they were shut down. Read about Great Middleeast Project. Read about series of assassinations of engineers that regularly occure in Turkey. Read about assassinated public figures like Ugur Mumcu, Gaffar Okkan. Read about how Turkey's leading science institution was purged and a Zoo manager appointed to run it. How they stopped working anything they were doing to focus on pseudoscientific studies proving prayer makes water healthier. 
Easy mate, one question, who doesn't want a Japan like story of emergence from ashes to build a prosperous nation in the most critical geography there is for the last 50 years or so. Foreign interest of keeping Turkey a peasant country was the same when they were drinking tea with Sultan at the palace during occupation.
Corrupt politicians brought us here not nationalism. If there were more people like Ataturk came after him we would be talking about entirely different Turkey right now. You can't click your fingers and completely change a population of sheep into dignified liberal individuals after being subjugated to that serf life hundreds if not thousands of years. If there was any sort of resemblance to a justice system and democracy in Turkey albeit intermittently halted by coups, it was because all the things you think that would be better did not happen. Allied forces not benevolent benefactors you think them to be. They were not here to cure the sick man. That's not how this world works. They were going to suck the blood of the country as they did with all the other colonies they had which are predominantly in dismay now. Only way to any kind of proud living is going with sovereignty. There is a saying in Turkish; "They didn't do it for your dark eyes and brows."  It would be utterly naive to think occupants were here to save us from our woes. Every man is for themselves.
Let me tell you a story. I give you my assurances that it's true but you can take that for whatever you think it's worth.
When I was eight my grandmother was hit and killed by a car as she walked home one night.
She wasn't some doddery old lady. She was strong and full of life; well-known and well-loved in her community.
The driver was a young man with a family. He wasn't drunk or speeding. It was a dark night and a dark road and perhaps he wasn't concentrating fully - it was an accident.
We were devastated. My mother and my sister were profoundly affected. It was over thirty years ago but I can still remember my grandfather bending down to give her one last kiss as she lay in the funeral parlour.
We never hated the driver. My grandfather and my mother begged for him not to be sent to prison for causing death by dangerous driving as it would only ruin his family's life too.
I have more hatred for the people who chose to carry out this attack in Manchester and for their vile and twisted ideology than I do for the man who accidentally killed a member of my own family.
Make of that what you will.
Yeah Hitler wasnt evil at all. Man you got some fucked up concepts. But anyways. There is no answer. You telling me islam is only in the middle east? And do you not understand what international trade is? We make money. We kill it, the money stops. And besides, its not easy. Whats the plan? Somehow go vilage to village and remove every "innocent" person and then drop a nuke or just say fuck it and nuke everyone who stands on the soil. Including tiny babies and innocent children/women? Like I said, its akin to Hitlers idea. And besides, we already tried the nuke idea. I guess that worked out didnt it? Have you seen Nagasaki recently? Nukes wont do shit in the long run. theyll simply rebuild and be back in however long it takes. and we will just look stupid in the end. 
Unfortunately there is no answer. We simply only try to manage it like having a disease thats incurable. Its all we can do really. 
I'll summarise it. You were attempting to draw out a link between how many Muslims a country allows in/has and how targeted they are for ISIS attacks. So basically countries that have a noticeable lack of Muslims also have a noticeable lack of attacks. To support this, you drew out Eastern European and South American countries.
My point is pretty simple. ISIS will inevitably choose locations they know will have a high impact. There will be several ways this can be determined: political hubs, financial powerhouses, historic or religious relevance, concentration of individuals (native and holidaymakers so they can impact multiple countries at the same time) and general perception of the Western powers they feel have wronged them or are wronging them in their delusional war against the West.
These are the reasons why like Spain, Canada and Sweden/Denmark have been attacked.
To the average person in Pakistan and Afghanistan (and bear in mind, ISIS is far closer to Europe than these countries), these countries are lumped together with Germany, UK, France. There are intertwined with the image of the rich and powerful West. 
And by your very own logic, this is why countries like Latvia, Hungary, Ecuador have not been attacked. They don't even register on the radar as being worth it.
Whether we like it or not, the global reaction to a train station in Latvia being bombed vs a train station in Spain being bombed would be drastically different. Similarly, a theatre in Ecuador vs a theatre in Sweden.
Does the US & some Western European countries intervening in the Middle East create terrorists? Certainly. If they'd pull out of the Middle East completely, would the tribal warfare and anti-West mentality stop? No.  If the West would leave the ME alone, Russia and other would immediately fill their place. It's a complex game of geopolitics, where, unfortunately, the ME drew the shorter straw. 
There were terror attacks in Europe beforehand, but those were of a completely different, political nature. This new wave of terrorism has no real, rational goal; it's a religious war declared on us. And with the unfortunate timing with us inviting waves after waves of refugees and migrants during the rise of ISIS, we invited with them plenty of extremists, while at the same time allowing people to spread this extremism in our countries. 
Meanwhile, people became quite touchy with the whole subject of people being different, so discussion of the issue routinely becomes censored. 
It's really the perfect storm, but something must be done to stop this.
For anyone saying Gabbard is a Progressive and criticism against her comes from "centrists" or "the establishment," here's a wonderful writeup from SocialistWorker.org
This isn't a partisan issue. Gabbard is a reviled fringe figure with no support on either the left or right.
If the Socialist Worker is too far to the Left for you, here's a writeup from the right-leaning The Hill: 
Gabbard meeting with Assad draws disgust from fellow lawmakers 
Gabbard is a wackadoo. A bigot, a homophobe, an extremist, who supports Putin and Assad. Don't fall for this garbage.
How do we exactly express our sympathy for the innocent victims of US/UN bombs/bullets exactly? on a weekly basis we're bombing hospitals/schools you name it but do you see shit in our news about these events? Please enlighten me. 
This is fucking war. They're using the limited resources they have. Is this terrible absolutely.. A very tragic event. But compare that to the hospitals and schools and all the other horrors that we have committed over there in the name of 'freedom' cough (puppet governments that will submit to western ideals) It's a drop in the bucket. I've seen videos taken from kurdish media thanks to my kurd friends which you for god knows why can't find in western media of schools/hospitals completely destroyed by US/UN bombs... do we see that sh*t? Of course not. How many families do we have to destroy. This is an insane and horrible aspect of human nature. I'm a teacher I love to educate the future generations and this is horrible that it happens. But I am cognizant and aware enough to have seen the effects of our 'freedom wars' thanks to some kurdish friends who have access to shit we don't... 
When I was a senior in high school, I played baseball. I actually had three scholarships lined up to D1 schools, as I was pretty good, and came from an even better team. 
About a week into baseball season, we had a school dance. A group of us players all came together. I was the last one to go in. I was stopped at the door by the assistant principal. He pulled me aside, said he knew the baseball players were drinking, and that I wasn't allowed in. I just said ok, and walked away. 
The next day, I was called into the principal's office. This principal was very involved in the baseball program, so he knew me well. In his office was him, the vice principal, and the baseball coach. They told me if I didn't rat on the other players that were drinking, they would kick me off the team and call the NCAA to report my misconduct. I laughed and walked out, calling their bluff. 
The very next night, I got a call from my NCAA rep to tell me that my NCAA eligibility was being revoked for two years, and my scholarships were being rescinded. 
The next morning, at 8am exactly, during school announcements, I kicked down the principal's office door, and chased him out into the front lawn. His white hair was completely green after I'd finished rubbing his face in the grass. The other teachers, coaches, even the school police officers did nothing. They sat there and watched. They knew what he did, and they all felt I was giving him what he was owed. I also kicked him in the ribs pretty hard a few times. He had a little trouble breathing for a while. 
There was no punishment. In fact, it was almost never mentioned again. I don't get my scholarship back, but I did feel better. Also, I'm probably better off now than I would be if I'd ended up playing baseball for my career. 
It's also worth mentioning that he was a very physically fit and strong man in his mid 40's. I wasn't beating up an old man. 
Definition for brandishing is literally "to shake or wave" in excitement or aggression. 
Bringing up a great point bro, and that is intention to intimidate. How can you prove that that police officer intended to intimidate that little girl? I did not read a line or the girl said that the police officer spoke one word.
As I already mentioned, it's very common to find a police officer with hand on gun. 
Let me ask you, after this young girl is giving her principal an attitude, refusing to follow him to the office and staying with her friends, do you think she was in the clearest mind state. You gonna tell me with all that's going on, the police officer thought this was so important that he felt he needed to intimidate a little girl with a gun because of her shirt?
Find it highly more likely that the police officer was there because it is his legal responsibility to be there when a student and principal are having an interaction.  He was there when he had to be and maybe had his hand on his gun, and the girl who is their freaking out is looking for something to make her story seem more dramatic.
Shooting rifles and stuff competitively is cool, but I'm talking about wearing a firearm on your waist for about 14 hours a day. Maybe for you, not wearing a duty belt, it's not all that heavy. But wearing a gun, handcuffs, Baton, radio, three magazines, back up keys, pepper spray, gloves, flashlight, emergency knife is really uncomfortable. Throw in the fact that we're wearing a bulletproof vest under a shirt, very often the grip of the handgun gets caught up between the vest and the body. 
Either way, the whole point of the story is that this little girl is creating a mountain out of a mole hill. Her principal is her direct authority, and she has no right to tell him the rules of the school. The school cop has been given a firearm in entrusted to carry around children. There have been no reports that he unholster his weapon, fired his weapon, or threaten to fire his weapon.
Here’s what Trump said in full:
I extend my deepest condolences to those so terribly injured in this terrorist attack and to the many killed and the families – so many families of the victims.
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. So many young beautiful, innocent people living and enjoying their lives murdered by evil losers in life. I won’t call them monsters because they would like that term. They would think that’s a great name. I will call them, from now on, losers, because that’s what they are. They are losers. And we will have more of them. But they are losers, just remember that.
Our society can have no tolerance for this continuation of bloodshed, we cannot stand a moment longer for the slaughter of innocent people. And in today’s attack it was mostly innocent children. The terrorists and extremists and those who give them aid and comfort must be driven out from our society for ever.
This wicked ideology must be obliterated and I mean completely obliterated, and the innocent life must be protected. All civilised nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right our citizens to live in safety and in peace.

A whike ago i saved a pretty interesting comment I feel is relevant here:

Dude, you have a lot of nerve talking about somebody's mother like that. You've basically relegated everyone who had their kid circumcised into the "horrible parent" group. Last time I checked, someone's ability to raise a child isn't measured by the length of foreskin.
People like you are fucking cancer, and every time that shit is discussed on this website, shitty comments like yours run the conversation to the point where it's not even up for discussion. You've basically decided to treat anybody like shit unless they agree with you, which I guess is totally fine if you're so fucking right about everything.
Fuck off, go worry about your own dick. You could try to educate people, but have decided to treat those parents like anti-vaxers, as if someone else's lack of dick skin could get your kid sick or something. Stop acting like the stakes are so goddamn high about an optional procedure. You're not going to shame everyone in America into doing what you want, but if you keep trying you'll be quite effective at making people think you're an ass.
I had a traumatic injury several years ago. I was in a car accident as a passenger in a car full of friends. The seat I was in got the worst damage. I ended up with a really specific injury that I think was actually more horrifying for the people around me who had to see it. My friends, and, I think, some nice people who saw the accident and pulled over to help were freaking out and screaming about how hurt I was while I was calmly telling them "no, guys, for the last time, I'm not fucking bleeding". Well, they weren't asking me, they were talking me. Deep down I knew I was pretty fucked but nothing hurt and I was just thinking "don't these people have eyes, wtf?".
Then someone snapped the rearview mirror off a car and held it up to me and I just started screaming my face off and then I blacked out. One of the most bizarre experiences of my life because that stuff is supposed to hurt like hell. It's so creepy to think about. I was really lucky though. We were really close to a great hospital and I made it out with very minimally life altering injuries. Could have been much worse.
So in other words you're the third one who wants to inappropriately and callously exploit the deaths of innocent people to push a political agenda. 
You're being the ass here by defending someone who is doing that.
You're being the ass here by agreeing with what they are doing, specifically because you agree with the ideology they're using this tragedy to push on everyone else. 
And you're triply being the ass here by deliberately trying to bait me into arguing your shitty point by dismissing anyone who disagrees with your ideological position as if it were objective fact. 
Like I told the last shithead I caught trying to pull that crap: I'm not going to dignify what you're trying to do by arguing with you anymore. You go ahead and prove my point that you are acting inappropriately by taking the last word and arguing something I specifically told you all not to. I'm going to turn off notifications for this post too; the next one of you I see doing this is getting reported. 
The families of the injured and killed deserve better than what you're doing right now.
Fun fact: from 1870 through 1936, Sweden was the fastest growing economy in the world. But after 1975, when mass migration really started to kick in, Sweden’s economy noticeably slowed, falling from the 4th richest in the world to the 13th by the mid 1990s.
Now some reports anticipate it will become officially classified as a third-world country some time after 2030, and even the small growth they expected because of an influx of cheap labor was a lot lower than anticipated, and undermined by the large of amount of debt that came along with it. 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-01-11/massive-coverup-exposed-sweden-media-cops-hid-migrant-sex-attacks 
http://www.frontpagemag.com/point/261679/swedish-cops-had-special-code-291-cover-migrant-daniel-greenfield 
Uhh...
(https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law)
Don't worry, I called them out on it in a new post.
This is terrible news coverage as everyone thought google was using it's power to manipulate search results. Turns out they wouldn't release their records to the DoL. It also turns out they are only required to release their records to the DoL, and the media doesn't have the right to view their records, so why is The Guardian saying they are blocking media coverage? Is the DoL allowed to release the Google records they inspect to the media? This is completely unclear, and that's why I call /r/CorporateMisconduct on The Guardian News Outlet.
I call /r/CorporateMisconduct on The Guardian News Outlet
 
Yes, we should feel bad for the people who got screwed over. Purchasers/guests, vendors, etc. But if you are doing a big job for a short-term event, you don't ask for money after the work is over. You get paid up front.
You get a deposit that covers everything requested, plus everything that might also be added by request on that day (more food, more alcohol, more staff hours, etc).
If the person can't pay up front, then you ask yourself if you are okay if they don't come through. Are you going to be able to pay your bills while you try to get money from them over the next 2-3 months of sending invoices? And what if they never pay you; can you then afford attorney's fees or, worst case, never getting paid at all if the business goes under?
If they potential money is too good, and you can't see turning down the work - then you can't blame others. You are measuring a risk/reward scenario that is, until the moment you are fully paid, no better than the betting all the money you stand to earn on a hand of blackjack.
We should still feel badly for them, but they also stand to learn a valuable lesson - as goes anyone watching who could be put in a similar situation.
I'm not him, but I'll give you 10 (in no order other than what comes to mind first):
You will note I kept this current.  If you were willing to go back 60 years, you could include Tiananmen square, the One-Child-Only policy, and the Great Leap Forward, which killed 60 million people, making China several times worse than Hitler and Stalin combined.
I don't have a conspiracy mindset, and this isn't a conspiracy. This is truth on how the DNC works within their party, and another reason why Hillary lost that DNC won't admit to. Let me explain:
The DNC has delegates and superdelegates. A superdelegate is an unelected delegate who is free to support any candidate for the presidential nomination at the party's national convention. A lot of Bernie supporters like myself thought my vote was stolen by these superdelegates.
I'll give you Wyoming as an example. Wyoming has 18 total delegates, four of them are superdelegates. Bernie won that state with 56% of the vote in the primaries. The DNC split the amount of the regular delegates, giving Bernie seven and Clinton seven. The remaining four superdelegates gave their votes to Hillary. That means Hillary won the state 11-7 even though she lost the popular vote. http://www.wyofile.com/blog/wyoming-dem-super-delegates-asked-rescind-pledges-clinton/
That was not the only state that happened in during the election.  Many of these superdelegates picked Clinton before primaries were held in there state.
I agree. Communism has taken over our university system and is actively infecting the youth with toxic propaganda. We're seeing the effects of decades of propaganda occuring today, as foretold by KGB Defector Yuri Bezmenov, with the rise of Social Democrats, the muckraking of American History, and the over-objectification of the human body. 
A lot of young people do not want to have a constructive argument. They do not care about seeing the other side's beliefs. They are taught and reinforced that their beliefs are right and everyone else's are evil and must be destroyed. 
The fundamental fabric of American society, which include the principles of life, liberty, free enterprise, and the pursuit of happiness, is being abandoned in favor of what the left considers to be justice, security, and acceptance. I hope I am proven wrong and that there will be a future resurgence of Americanism.
I don't choose to read those papers but its hard not to see their articles because they dominate this subreddit.
"he wants to make sure we get a deal and he wants to ensure the right of EU nationals here and our nationals abroad, which May is refusing to do."
Nobody in British politics are against granting EU citizens rights... its just we'd rather take that bargaining chip to the negotiation table so we can also ensure our citizens in their nations are protected. 
How at all does small parts of the NHS being privatised really affect you? or indeed anyone? The NHS will stay free at the point of use and there is no one in British politics who believes otherwise (at least vocally). 
As to the wage increase cap, you do realise we have 50 billion pound deficit and out 5th biggest expenditure is paying off interest on the debt we owe (around 46B a year). But yeah i agree they need to be paid more but we need to find where to get that money from. 
I don't think at 16 i was in anyway clued in enough to make an informed decision (pls dont make the joke that i still cant make an informe decision), once you leave home, begin working full time, paying rent, buying your own food ect you have a much better understanding of the world. 
Banning of zero hour contracts will undoubtedly have knock on affects for businesses which may well end up in greater unemployment, however i'm no expert. 
Also one more thing i noticed 
"controlling the internet", it seems as though you read that independent article which quoted one line of the torie manifesto. I really dont think you should assume everything you hear from those media outlets to be true, in reality we will have our internet no matter what. The conservative party are not anywhere near as "orwellian" as this subreddit likes to believe, you accused me of being in an echo chamber but you need to realise this subreddit is the biggest echo chamber i have ever come across.
My point being most religions of the world do not worship a single god because he is powerful. They revere a mythological creature and pay respects, but do not assume the Absolute.
The problem with your reply is a lot like what is wrong with outrage culture. It is hard to defend against. You can justify it. 
Those people shouldn't be allowed to say things like that! Those things harm people. Why should we allow them to say it if we can stop it? The ends justify the means.
Do they though? You only took on two of three ideas in my post because of that. 
The former CTO of Mozilla made donations that many viewed as incompatible with Mozilla. The outrage against him was easily justified. No one can come to his defense. How could you?
The two guys that made a joke between themselves at a conference were viewed as crude. The outrage against them was easily justified against the way women are treated at conferences. Few could come to their defense in the light of day. How could you defend sexism at conferences with the way women are harassed there?
Do YOU support the harassment of women?!
The last one is harder though. YouTube removing ads from channels which help give a voice to survivors of abuse. It started as a response to the backlash against horrible content, but the damage is still continuing. Those survivors did nothing wrong. They followed the rules of the website and put up content that viewers strongly believe in. The donations they are getting to support the channel are a clear enough example of that.
What do these all have in common? They do more harm than good. Each example more than the one before.
The former CTO of Mozilla could have helped Mozilla navigate a time when we are moving to mobile helping to ensure billions can communicate freely without hindrance or proprietary lock-in. The good he could do with his unique technical skills could impact the lives of billions. 
The person who reported the joke was fired along with the person who told it. The act of drawing the outrage of the Internet over a joke caused problems for their employers, the conference, and them. Have we learned that public outrage isn't the best way to handle this?
No. 
The YouTube debacle is another example of people going after the livelihoods of the people they disagree with. This ad is running on a channel I disagree with?! I'll protest the advertisers until the ads no longer run on channels that help survivors speak out! VICTORY..?
If you want to try to draw a line in the sand between this outrage and that outrage, this person trying to get someone fired for political/social views and these people doing the same, I won't stop you. The outcome is the same. It is hard to defend against. It is easy to justify. The unintended consequences will stack up. Rinse and repeat.
tl;dr No, it isn't. It is just a progression of the same outrage culture we've seen before. It is just getting worse.
The potential of this region has never been greater. 65 percent of its population is under the age of 30. Like all young men and women, they seek great futures to build, great national projects to join, and a place for their families to call home.
But this untapped potential, this tremendous cause for optimism, is held at bay by bloodshed and terror. There can be no coexistence with this violence.
There can be no tolerating it, no accepting it, no excusing it, and no ignoring it.
Every time a terrorist murders an innocent person, and falsely invokes the name of God, it should be an insult to every person of faith.
Terrorists do not worship God, they worship death.
If we do not act against this organized terror, then we know what will happen. Terrorism’s devastation of life will continue to spread. Peaceful societies will become engulfed by violence. And the futures of many generations will be sadly squandered.
If we do not stand in uniform condemnation of this killing—then not only will we be judged by our people, not only will we be judged by history, but we will be judged by God.
This is not a battle between different faiths, different sects, or different civilizations.
This is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life, and decent people of all religions who seek to protect it.
This is a battle between Good and Evil.
When we see the scenes of destruction in the wake of terror, we see no signs that those murdered were Jewish or Christian, Shia or Sunni. When we look upon the streams of innocent blood soaked into the ancient ground, we cannot see the faith or sect or tribe of the victims – we see only that they were Children of God whose deaths are an insult to all that is holy.
But we can only overcome this evil if the forces of good are united and strong – and if everyone in this room does their fair share and fulfills their part of the burden.
Terrorism has spread across the world. But the path to peace begins right here, on this ancient soil, in this sacred land.
America is prepared to stand with you – in pursuit of shared interests and common security.
But the nations of the Middle East cannot wait for American power to crush this enemy for them. The nations of the Middle East will have to decide what kind of future they want for themselves, for their countries, and for their children.
It is a choice between two futures – and it is a choice America CANNOT make for you.
A better future is only possible if your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists. Drive. Them. Out. DRIVE THEM OUT of your places of worship. DRIVE THEM OUT of your communities. DRIVE THEM OUT of your holy land, and DRIVE THEM OUT OF THIS EARTH.
“As for the Republicans -- how can one regard seriously a frightened, greedy, nostalgic huddle of tradesmen and lucky idlers who shut their eyes to history and science, steel their emotions against decent human sympathy, cling to sordid and provincial ideals exalting sheer acquisitiveness and condoning artificial hardship for the non-materially-shrewd, dwell smugly and sentimentally in a distorted dream-cosmos of outmoded phrases and principles and attitudes based on the bygone agricultural-handicraft world, and revel in (consciously or unconsciously) mendacious assumptions (such as the notion that real liberty is synonymous with the single detail of unrestricted economic license or that a rational planning of resource-distribution would contravene some vague and mystical 'American heritage'...) utterly contrary to fact and without the slightest foundation in human experience? Intellectually, the Republican idea deserves the tolerance and respect one gives to the dead.”
Written over 70 years ago... still describes the party today.

Here is an Israeli source and their side of this:
http://www.timesofisrael.com/idf-arrests-alleged-senior-terror-figure-in-overnight-raid/
Seven years in prison already without trial. I hope there's some evidence this time. Even if everything Israel says is true, it's still very sloppy intelligence work and incompetence to not have any evidence after multiple arrests and years of detaining someone. If they want to maintain the public's trust then they need something other than prison cells.
This was the defense that I got. 
Just in case:
This was originally posted by the user /u/biglymagaback. His account has since been deleted. Justice beats in the hearts of the forgotten. I have no intention of deleting this account. Archive this for posterity.
https://twitter.com/julianassange/status/853242264272998400?
There are two narratives at stake here - the Russian Narrative, and the Seth Rich Narrative. Both are true, from a certain point of view. I'll explain. 
Background Info:
/u/stonetear = Paul "I have full access to the server" Combetta
"Hillary Clinton spied on her own campaign staff"
“She believed her 2008 campaign had failed her — not the other way around — and she wanted ‘to see who was talking to who, who was leaking to who,’ said a source familiar with the operation,”
Timeline:
Podesta Email, March 25, 2014: Re: Google Account recovery phone number changed:
That was me [Eryn Sepp is Podesta's secretary]. Changed it from CAP cell phone to your current personal cell phone #. Did that on Sunday when I was downloading Herb's files to your CF thumbdrive (also added it to your "google drive" that has a good deal of space on it). 
June 2014 -- Seth Rich joins the DNC as the national data director.
July 23, 2014 -- Stonetear crowdsources e-mail scrub via Reddit - however, specifically asks about hiding email addresses - not whole emails. Also claims he has separate storage. 
/u/stonetear, December 10, 2014: "Auto-delete/retention policy and 'save' folder":
Hello- I have a client who wants to push out a 60 day email retention policy for certain users. However, they also want these users to have a 'Save Folder' in their Exchange folder list where the users can drop items that they want to hang onto longer than the 60 day window.
All email in any other folder in the mailbox should purge anything older than 60 days (should not apply to calendar or contact items of course). How would I go about this? Some combination of retention and managed folder policy?
Hillary Clinton email, December 22, 2014: "Re: Could you talk today or over the weekend?"
Sorry. Can't tell what happened with the email elves. I can do tonight after 8:00 or anytime tomorrow before 4:30."
A PHONE CALL?! TO HIS PERSONAL CELL PHONE?!
/u/stonetear Reddit post, December 22, 2014: Bypassing two-factor authentication with domain name?:
Hello- I have a firewall (200D) which seems to be allowing domain users (Whether authenticated via RADIUS or LDAP) to bypass the request for their token by logging in with domainame\username for the SSL VPN. If they use just username, they get the token prompt.
As stated above, I have been testing with both RADIUS and LDAP authentication to the domain controllers, but the behavior seems to be the same with either.
I've been doing a bunch of searching but am coming up empty so far. Before I open a case with Fortinet, I figured I'd ask here. Thanks in advance!
Edit: They can bypass the token via the web portal as well as the Forticlient by logging in as domain\username
"Here’s How an Attacker Can Bypass Your Two-Factor Authentication":
Two-factor authentication systems aren’t as foolproof as they seem. An attacker doesn’t actually need your physical authentication token if they can trick your phone company or the secure service itself into letting them in.
The two-step authentication systems on many websites work by sending a message to your phone via SMS when someone tries to log in.
All an attacker has to do is call your cell phone company’s customer service department and pretend to be you. They’ll need to know what your phone number is and know some personal details about you. These are the kinds of details — for example, credit card number, last four digits of an SSN, and others — that regularly leak in big databases and are used for identity theft. The attacker can try to get your phone number moved to their phone.
Heck, an attacker might not need access to your full phone number. They could gain access to your voice mail, try to log in to websites at 3 a.m., and then grab the verification codes from your voice mailbox. How secure is your phone company’s voice mail system, exactly? How secure is your voice mail PIN — have you even set one? Not everyone has! And, if you have, how much effort would it take for an attacker to get your voice mail PIN reset by calling your phone company?
The intruders so thoroughly compromised the DNC’s system that they also were able to read all email and chat traffic, said DNC officials and the security experts.
Podesta Email, March 5, 2015: Re: Thought:
When I worked for the leadership we had a records retention policy to actively destroy all emails after 3 or 6 months . Each office made up its own policy. Reporters should be asking congress and individual members what their policy is ? Do they use private accounts for biz ? Why does fioa not apply to them ?
We are. Limited Success.
Podesta Email, March 16, 2015: FW: Email retention/deletion:
Good people of American Progress: As we flagged for you last month, we are in the process of implementing CAP/AF's longstanding records retention policy (attached) for email. This process requires your participation. 
Over the next three months, you are required to identify and designate any Retention Category emails (defined below) in your possession. Beginning on June 16, all email older than two years that is not designated for preservation will be automatically and permanently deleted. 
What is a Retention Category email? 
For most employees, Retention Category emails are limited to emails containing important institutional records or knowledge that is not recorded elsewhere. 
o This is a limited category, including only emails containing information (not memorialized elsewhere) that you believe will continue to be of importance to CAP/AF's work, even 2+ years after receipt. For instance correspondence setting forth guidelines for ongoing projects, memoranda describing major efforts, documentation of significant decisions with ongoing implications, etc. o Please be selective. Most employees should have few Retention Category emails. 
o Legal and Tech will be conducting team briefings in the coming weeks, but please contact us at any time with questions. * Emails relevant to any actual or potential legal proceeding or government investigation must be preserved. However, outside of a small number of intellectual property issues, CAP/AF is not involved in any investigation or proceeding. If that changes, the legal team will let you know. 
Legal, financial, HR, and administrative records are preserved under separate policies that apply the legal, finance, HR, and admin teams. What should I do with Retention Category emails? * In the coming weeks, Tech will create a "Retention" folder in your Outlook. Emails in the retention folder will be preserved indefinitely, and will not be automatically deleted. 
In the meantime, we encourage you to begin identifying and marking Retention Category emails, either by flagging them or by dragging them into a new Outlook folder of your own creation. Once Tech has created a "Retention" folder for you, you can drag your marked emails into it. 
Going Forward / Going Back 
You have three months to go through your inbox, sent mail, and organizational folders to identify old retention category emails. Starting on June 16, email older than 2 years that is not in your Retention folder will be permanently deleted, on a rolling basis. 
Going forward, you should move Retention Category emails into the Retention folder as needed. You will be able to create organizational subfolders within the Retention folder. 
Do not place non-Retention Category emails in the Retention folder Legal and Tech will be going to-to-team to answer questions and help with implementation. But feel free to ask us questions at any time. 
/u/stonetear email, July 30, 2015: "VPN log report?":
Hello- Is there any way to spit out a simple VPN connection report? Ie, who logged in, and when? I've been able to cobble something together from the raw log files, then filtering/massaging in Excel, but it's a real pain in the rear. We have several customers that would like to be able to get a weekly or monthly report on remote user logins. Is a syslog server setup/config or FortiAnalyzer the only way to do this?
September 2015 -- Josh Uretsky joins Bernie campaign as national data director, recommended by Seth Rich (according to Sanders in a Dec 2015 interview).
/u/stonetear Reddit post, Oct 26, 2015: "Attachment report?"
I have a customer who wants to be able to run a weekly or monthly report that shows all emails sent that have attachment(s) over X megabytes, along with the from/to/date info, in a format that is at least semi-management friendly. Third party software is fine, though I imagine this is doable via PowerShell/message tracking... however I have been striking out so far. Environment is Exchange 2010 SP3. Any suggestions are welcome!
*** December 16, 2015 -- NGP VAN applies new patch to DNC servers. According to email 15792, due to a "glitch in the code" the normal system barriers were lowered for four hours and users could access other users data. This data could still only be accessed by other DNC user accounts. Four unique users ran and downloaded the results of 25 unique searches, saved to private hard drives and were removed from the premises. ***
*** December 17, 2015 -- DNC officials discover the person who accessed information was connected to the Bernie team and demand discipline of the individual. ***
*** December 18, 2015 -- Bernie campaign fires Josh Uretsky, his campaign's national data director ***
*** December 19, 2015 (Saturday evening at 10pm) Amy Dacey reports the previous incident to Podesta (via Mary Fisher for some reason) ***
*** December 25, 2015 interview about break-in event where Sanders blames the DNC for recommending Josh Urutsky. He says that he was recommended by the DNC's national data dir
Kim Fat Com is a bullshitter, he doesn't ever come through. He just wants us to know he still exists.  
Remember last fall when he said "I KNOW WHERE HILLARY'S EMAILS ARE!".  The_Donald went ape shit, we were on the edge of our seats.  So we wait, and we wait - all getting excited with raging boners and wet lady parts.  Then WAH,Wah,wah - he tweets the news - which basically says "JUST ASK THE NSA!".  
Trolling fuck. 
Here's the "big" news tweet, which left us all pissed as fuck.  I think many may not remember, or weren't pedes yet:
https://twitter.com/KimDotcom/status/791364506425315328 
Seriously folks, he's always 100% full of shit.  We should ban posts about his "news", unless he ACTUALLY says something, or releases something that's concrete.  No more "I KNOW THIS BUT I'M NOT GONNA TELL YA!" news, no more "BIG NEWS INCOMING!".  Which basically would mean, no more Kim Fat Com posts, because he NEVER ACTUALLY HAS ANYTHING OF VALUE.  He just wants to push his company.  That's it.  He's trolling us, using us, and should be ignored. 
The US labor market would completely collapse instead of being just mostly fucked if everyone in college was looking for work.
College loans are actually welfare/job training programs with heavy strings attached.
You have an idealized greenfield notion about the way the world should work, but clearly have no real roadmap on how to get from here to there. You also clearly have no experience with organizational budgeting, much less on the scale of the second largest state university system in the United States, which has a 7.2 billion dollar budget...   If you think an ~2.5 percent budget adjustment is a big deal...  I don't know where you studied finance... I doubt you did. To me, it sounds like they came in 2.5% under budget that year, so had extra cash to spend on development!!!
Do you want to keep failing students in high school until they are 22 and raise expectations, or patch our current system so that a basic high school graduation means less than it may have in the past and have the transition from secondary to tertiary education be a filter point so that we can spend our resources on the people that want to use them.
Basically...  you don't have any idea what the fuck you are talking about, looking at your comment from multiple angles of analysis. Please shut the fuck up about things that you clearly do not understand and let people who do make the decisions that matter.
Maybe you should have spent some more time in college.
I wonder if people realize we've been supporting Saudi Arabia long before Trump.  Hilary was also infamous for her speeches there, and the money she took from them.  Obama, before Trump, was the previous record holder for largest deal to the Saudis.  Obama sold more weapons to the Saudis, and Middle East than both Bushes Combined.  
Why am I saying this?  Am I pro Trump?  No.  He's my least favorite president ever.  The point is, this has little to nothing to do with Trump.  If you want to criticize a "group", or "person" for supporting the Saudis, it would be the whole US gov't, both parties included.
If you don't want to support the Saudis, there is no "option" for you in America.  No major party holds that platform.
This is what people talk about, when they say both parties are just as bad.  90% of the platform they don't talk about(banking, weapons, mass surveillence, civil liberties), and agree on.  The remaining 10% of problems, that the banks/investors don't care about, they make a big deal out of... because they don't care.
It's purposeful division.  All of this "blame everything on Trump" nonsense is playing into their hands, just like when it was "blame everything on Obama", for 8 years.
as a Russian, I was a Neo-Nazi before talking to the Ukrainians on the Internet (they all do know Russian and at the time chose to speak it too). it's a popular idea in Eastern Europe (incl. Russia) that Hitler was better than Stalin (on rEddit I learned that in "The West", i. e. in Capitalist countries it's the Hitler who is considered worse than Stalin), but I was very desencitized bc well..... "it's only funny before it happens to you", when people advocate for genocide of you, your ethnicity, you jump ship and change that ideology.
To me (and it's controversial) Nationalism and patriotism and other similar things are still a fight, Ukrainian (and Russian, just to be consistent) Nationalists are more evil and more illegal than ISIS and religious extremists like that.
Please don't take it the wrong way, but
Yes Russia and America are natural allies because both hate Communism and think that it's better dead than red (and it's overly idealistic to think this, but there's nothing morally wrong in thinking this), BUT America and the EU decided to impose sanctions on Russia, there's nothinng you or I can do at the end of the day. I respect you a lot for saying that Russia deserves sovereignty (even at the expense of other nations), but your government destroyed our economy in an evil way and if there would be some revenge, it would not be unjustified.
It's amazing, the real communists are liberals, and also most Canadians and most Europeans. NOT Russians. We are hated specifically because we're not communists, for corruption, wealth inequality, etc. yes our government kills innocents, but it is anti-communist.
Again, it's amazing. have a nice day!
In 1859, three of the Arlington slaves—Wesley Norris, his sister Mary, and a cousin of theirs—fled for the North, but were captured a few miles from the Pennsylvania border and forced to return to Arlington.
On June 24, 1859, the anti-slavery newspaper New York Daily Tribune published two anonymous letters (dated June 19, 1859[54] and June 21, 1859[55]), each claiming to have heard that Lee had the Norrises whipped, and each going so far as to claim that the overseer refused to whip the woman but that Lee took the whip and flogged her personally.
Lee privately wrote to his son Custis that "The N. Y. Tribune has attacked me for my treatment of your grandfather's slaves, but I shall not reply. He has left me an unpleasant legacy."[56]
Wesley Norris himself spoke out about the incident after the war, in an 1866 interview printed in an abolitionist newspaper, the National Anti-Slavery Standard.
Norris stated that after they had been captured, and forced to return to Arlington, Lee told them that "he would teach us a lesson we would not soon forget." According to Norris, Lee then had the three of them firmly tied to posts by the overseer, and ordered them whipped with fifty lashes for the men and twenty for Mary Norris.
Norris claimed that Lee encouraged the whipping, and that when the overseer refused to do it, called in the county constable to do it instead. Unlike the anonymous letter writers, he does not state that Lee himself personally whipped any of the slaves.
According to Norris, Lee "frequently enjoined [Constable] Williams to 'lay it on well,' an injunction which he did not fail to heed; not satisfied with simply lacerating our naked flesh, Gen. Lee then ordered the overseer to thoroughly wash our backs with brine, which was done."[53][57]
I see that you responded to them explicitly, but as I said, your answers were irrelevant. I need you to slow down and actually read what I'm saying.
Your own video, twelve seconds in, says that it does. "An economy requires consumers." Currently the end consumers are all humans.
The point that Harari is making is all well and good, but it has nothing whatsoever to do with you pointing out that most businesses are B2B, which is entirely irrelevant to both his point and my point. No offense, but so far as I can tell you're the one who doesn't understand economics here. Yes, Harari presents a theoretical example of an economy that doesn't necessarily require humans, but that economy could not come into being on its own. Certainly the current economy exists to provide for human consumption, as Harari specifically says, your insistence otherwise notwithstanding. Downvote me again if you want.
Videos in this thread:
Watch Playlist ▶
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
Play All | Info | Get me on Chrome / Firefox
There are groups which actively campaign to get money out of politics.  
Many groups focus on different tactics to get it done, however most (all?) of them agree the citizens united decision has had a horrible effect on politics in the U.S. essentially legalizing corruption:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_United_v._FEC
Some people believe overturning citizens united is crucial to this and campaign for that exact thing. Bernie Sanders advocates for that: https://berniesanders.com/issues/money-in-politics/
While others believe that congress cannot / will not pass such legislation because of the very influence that money pays for. Wolfpac and [some other group I cannot remember]* are seeking to bypass congress by going directly to the states and working to get an Article V convention to add an amendment to the constitution:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolf_PAC
Perhaps most shocking is that this is an issue which nearly all sides can agree on. So it's not like nothing can be done. Ask a Republican if they want Democratic nominees getting huge donations from George Soros or Thomas Steyer and they'll tell you it's corruption. Ask Democrats if they want Republican nominees getting huge donations from Robert Mercer or David Koch and they'll tell you the exact same thing. This is an issue that impacts everyone poorly but a select few multi-millionaires and billionaires.
So not all hope is lost. 
He also testified UNDER OATH that the investigation was unimpeded. Pick your crime.
So why isn't there similar outrage for Hillary sending 20% of uranium production capacity to Russia and their foundation getting hundreds of thousands in bribe money? This isn't merely suspicion, "anonymous sources", or a hit piece but tangible conflicts of interest.
If he was guilty of some sort of Russian collusion, he's be smart not to draw attention to it, right? If he's not guilty, it's in his best interest to keep the media stumbling and grasping at straws - it only discredits them more down the line.
Really? It appears he's using an encrypted phone approved by secret service. If you want, provide me to a link of which law he's breaking and the evidence for it. 
Obama used a blackberry, and I really don't give a crap that he did. I expect the President and the secret service to do whatever necessary to protect his data and his communications. This doesn't include an illegal, unsecured server used to transmit classified data.. ANYONE in the military wouldn't have been instantly fired/jailed if they did what she did.
Adding some context to this story:  
"Comey memo" 
This is what people are using as evidence that Trump did in fact ask Comey to drop the investigation of Flynn.  Let's look at a timeline:  
January 23, 2017:  FBI reviewed Flynn’s calls with Russian ambassador but found nothing illicit 
Yet for some reason Comey wrote a memo that no one has seen which stated that Trump asked him to drop the investigation on Flynn in February.
February 2017:  Alleged memo was written.  
May 3, 2017: Flashback, May 3: FBI Director Comey Says He Was Never Pressured To Stop Any Investigation; "Would Be A Big Deal" 
This testimony came after the alleged memo.  So there are three posibilities here:  
People are so partisan right now in this country that redditors in this thread are declaring 'unconfirmed sources hearing bits and pieces of an unconfirmed memo over the phone' as proof of Trump's actions while ignoring sworn testimony by Comey himself and demanding Trump provide proof he didn't do something we have no evidence of in the first place.  
Let that sink in for a moment.  
And I would disagree with their opinion.
Nothing their side can do or say will make me change my mind about the president. I don't fall for word games or false equivalencies. Any child can say "I know you are but what am I?" Doesn't mean the child saying it actually knows what they're talking about. 
I had a "the donald" yesterday try to say "how come Obama didn't do anything when the Turkey body guards attacked us during their visit last year? I then watched a video where it looks like a reporter is asked to leave and there's some pushing and shoving and then they separate the reporter. Versus the video from the other day, where dozens of bodyguards roam around, knocking peaceful protesters to the ground and wildly kicking anyone on the ground. They just ran around and kicked and punched whoever was in site. 
When someone has a problem with American citizens wanting their president to at least acknowledge his guests and their actions, and someone from the right feels the need to come over and say "why didn't you ask Obama, when this same thing happened last year?" Yeah you're done. All credibility goes out the window, if that's your response to this event. I have no time for that. It's disgusting how blind they can follow this presidents every move and apologize or compare the injustice that's happening to him. Oh poor president. When will we stop picking on him. Never, if you haven't been paying attention. If one side can claim their president is a Muslim and not an American Citizen, then they can politely sit the fuck down and listen to our "kooky ideas" for what this current piece of garbage is. 
There comes a point when the statues themselves, even if only locally, become part of history.
You can't delete every trace of something you don't like just because you don't like it. 
Imagine if for whatever reason France were to destroy every memorial of Napoleon (of which there are many).
Or if Germany or were to destroy every memorial of WWI or WWII (of which there are many).
Or if Britain were to destroy every memorial of the Battle of Hastings.
It would be a despicable act, and would only serve to serve to diminish the lives that had been lost during the war.
You may not like it but the people who served for the South died for the South. The memorials and statues give a way for people to remember that, and for people to remember the soldiers/combatants that serve their country, no matter how short it lived. They did serve the wrong side (considering I'm a strong Northern supporter) and they lost, fairly, but their loss shouldn't just be deleted from existence. Removing all trace of them is just as bad as burning libraries.
It is absolutely pitiful that you support this. You should be fucking disgusted with this.
My cousin has attacked me twice. I didn't call the cops the first time; I did refuse to speak to him for a year. The second time, he was very drunk, and had been up for 3 days. I managed to put him in a choke-hold. He went limp, and I let go quickly, trying to help him. He was faking, and proceeded to beat the shit out of me. I had just spent 4 months in a wheelchair too, and had been learning how to walk again. This incident set me back greatly. 
Not everyone who tries to choke someone is truly trying to harm them. 
I haven't seen this cousin for a couple of years now. Probably because he knows that if he ever touches me again, he's out of my life forever. 
Why not sooner? Lots of family deaths, and we had been extremely close for most of our lives prior.  He can't control himself, so has stayed away, not trusting himself to not sever what's quite possibly the only remaining friendship he has.
I would not have given this same 3-strikes policy to anyone I was in a romantic relationship with, btw. 
I think you can looks at this election as a great way to restore balance in the gov't - force congress to do its job, instead of relying on executive orders to do it for them (which can be instantly rescinded by the next  POTUS). Trump nominated a justice who supports reversing the Chevron ruling - a great first step in reining in executive authority. There seems to be a fear at every level that he is going to expose (by himself being exposed) the rampant level of corruption present on both sides of the aisles. These things happen, and then we're actually making great progress.
When Obama was making these executive orders, I was shouting: overreach of Federal executive authority! Despite the fact that I agreed with many of those policies, our government is not intended to function in that manner.
Hopefully, Mueller will reveal what is really going on in Washington right now, because it has gone off the rails on both sides. The greatest thing Trump could ever do is destroy the Beltway system by being himself.
As much as I wish horrible death and suffering on his supporters for what they've done to our once great country and cringe at the staggering amount of shame he's brought this country with his bitch like behavior and perpetual victim complex, I agree with you.   I've said it before in this sub and been down voted like crazy, but he will last 4 years, he will run again, and depending on the economy at the time, may or may not win.  He's an unarguably an absolutely terrible president, be it his intentionally divisive behavior, his hatred of freedom of press, his lack of leadership, his cowardice, his whining, his incredible lack of knowledge, or any of the other day to day chaos, but most people don't care.  If there are jobs and they aren't broke, they'll be happy.  It's highly unlikely that he can fuck up the country in 4 years given that it was handed to him in such good shape.  He'll last, and as of now, I'll bet he will be reelected.  Also going on record as saying the Dems will underperform terribly in 2018.  This forum will be filled with disappointment and people claiming that losses are still victories somehow ("The Dem lost by less points than last time" kind of shit).  Pretending that the problem of dumb people and evangelicals with no integrity lying to themselves in order to follow party allegiances is somehow going to solve itself just because he's doing much worse than ever imagined isn't going to help.  Democrats need to get serious about changing their party's message drastically to appeal to the common man.  
Because if we can convince children to do what we tell them instead of what nature intends, we can convince adults to do what we tell them instead of what is obviously correct.
Religion has always been about taking control of people, by taking control of the three most basic and undeniable human instincts.
The fear of death (self preservation)
"Do as we say and you live forever"
The compulsion to reproduce via sexual activity
"You will not perform sexual acts with each other unless we have given you permission."
The compulsion to seek safety in numbers (socialization)
"You have refused to do what we say so no one will speak to you anymore (excommunication)".
By training people to do as they are told instead of what comes natural even against all reason from an early age, you can mold a persons mind into something more suggestible.  To be controlled.
It's not just religion.  Governments do this too.
Case in point.  I'm taking a risk just posting this.  The hysteria surrounding the topic of child sexuality is such that even though we know every single one of us started to touch ourselves and others in sexual ways around the age of 11, not a single one of us wants to publicly admit our OWN SHARED EXPERIENCE for fear of being labeled and socially outcast.
So I guess we are under control.
The plan that he reportedly blocked was to be carried out by Syrian Kurdish forces in Raqqa, a measure Turkey has long opposed.
Flynn, who was fired from his position in February, was registered as a foreign agent for $530,000 worth of lobbying work before Election Day.
Paperwork filed in March with the Justice Department's Foreign Agent Registration Unit said Flynn and his firm were voluntarily registering for lobbying from August through November that "could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey."
The McClatchy news service reported that President Obama’s national security team asked for Trump’s approval on a plan to retake the Islamic State’s de facto capital of Raqqa, because it was more than likely to be carried out under his presidency.
Timelines distributed by members of Congress show that Flynn told then national security advisor Susan Rice to hold off, delaying the operation for months.
Trump eventually approved the plan, but only after Flynn had been fired in February for misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other white House officials about his ties to Russia’s ambassador to the U.S.
It was only weeks later in March when Flynn disclosed to the Foreign Agent Unit Registration Unit of the Justice Department that he was paid for work that “could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.”
News about Flynn's activity comes amid intense scrutiny over his and other Trump associates' potential contacts with Russia. On Wednesday, the Department of Justice named former FBI Director Robert Mueller to be special counsel investigating Russian efforts to influence the U.S. presidential election. Mueller will have sweeping powers, including the right to bring federal charges.
House and Senate intelligence committees are also investigating.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Ironically, those are among the many issues on which I agree with Democrats, others being money in politics, environment, separation of Church and State, gun control, Net Neutrality and on and on and on.
I agree with Republicans on lower taxes, smaller government, keeping government out of our lives(something they preach but don't follow), reducing or disincentivizing illegal immigration and raising the bar on legal immigration.
Republicans are out to destroy the country and the world, with their outdated insistence on forcing their morality on others, their disregard for science and contempt for humanity. I don't think much of Democrats either. They are just out to prove they are not Republicans and deserve to be elected, rather than have any kind of principles.
I would happily vote for someone who really believed in principles that Bernie spouted but also had the wherewithal to get them implemented. Instead, thanks to Bernie, we have an absolute idiot in the White House.
Big corporations hate competition and love regulation. Competition lowers prices and drives up wages, meaning less profits for capitalists, and better wages and lower prices for workers. This is bad.
To prevent this, big corporations who control the state will push through regulations that favor their interests. Some types of regulation corporations like are:
Regulations that socialize diseconomies of scale, making it artificially cheaper to grow unnaturally large and vertically integrate.
Regulations that raise barriers to entry for smaller firms that want to enter their market and compete, and that make regulatory compliance too expensive for small firms to afford, that large incumbent firms can write off as the "cost of doing business"'.
Regulations like Taft Hartley, the Wagner Act, and the NLRB regime that hurts union organization and labor rights, forcing the workers to play by the rules of the bosses.
I could go on, but suffice it to say that capitalists love regulation because it allows them to grant themselves state privilege to operate and profit at the expense of the working class, while suppressing working class organization and labor rights.
They claim to be in favor of deregulation. In real terms, this means they only favor removing regulations if it becomes too expensive and obsolete with regard to its original purpose, or if removing a regulation increases corporate power at the expense of the workers.
HEY!  Cheeto-freak!
Whoopsie
The Department of Justice has named Robert Mueller, the former director of the FBI, as a special prosecutor to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 election and ties between the Trump administration and Russia.
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/robert-mueller-will-serve-as-special-prosecutor-on-russia/527121/
Frankly, the White House has every reason to panic. No one will intimidate or throw Mueller off course. The seriousness of the probe could not be more clear. A pall will soon fall over the White House as every member of the staff, the vice president and the president will brace themselves for interrogation, production of potentially damaging documents and, incidentally, big legal bills.  
Coming just as the president prepares to leave on a foreign trip, appointment of a special prosecutor comes as one more huge blow to his standing and ego. He now goes overseas — something the homebody Trump reportedly dreaded — as a wounded president with an uncertain future. Nothing could be more disconcerting to allies than dealing with an impulsive, ignorant president — one whose future is far from certain. Trump can whine about the unfair press, as he did at the Coast Guard commencement Wednesday, but he has no one but himself to blame for his predicament.
"Don't blame the cops, they weren't allowed to do anything because those are foreign bodyguards kicking the peaceful protesters in their face"
Okay. End of story? No. 
Why are these two groups anywhere near each other. 
Why did this even happen? Who was in charge of creating order for an event like this, where people's safety is of top concern for every party involved. 
Peaceful protesters should have the right to safely protest Erdogan's presence in country (and/or planet) without being put into danger. The purpose of our police should be to protect our citizens from direct and unwarranted physical harm and threat of harm. The police shouldn't have allowed the option for this violence to escalate. It's not as if this is some an unknown mystery scenario. 
When the person/people in charge was faced with the question: Erdogan is coming to visit. People will protest. Last time people protested Erdogan in (insert country) THIS happened. How should we avoid this from happening in OUR country?
The answer shouldn't have been what happened today. Whoever had this as an answer is an asshole. 
Someone was in charge of public safety for this event today. Someone failed the American people. We can talk about this all we want, but FUCK whoever put the minimal effort in protecting our citizens and their right to peaceful protest today. That person can eat a cold hot pocket. 
That is how you become a serf.  There are lots of mathematical and psychological reasons that the rich get richer.  We live in a society with the economic freedom to enable this.  You propose restricting economic mobility, so the rich don't get superrich.  You also propose increasing the tax burden on the super rich, since there's a cut-off.  The top 1% currently pay 45.7% of the taxes, so to drop wealth by a couple orders of magnitude you'd basically have to change that to 100%.  
Thus, you have a feudal lord that pays for everything, and his serfs which don't have the economic freedom to break out of economic slavery.  Joy, we get to return to the dark ages.
As for having 10,000 times the average wealth, ask your friends what their net worth is.  Half of them are probably broke or in debt, so let's assume their worth to be $1.  (Economic freedom means you can win OR lose.)  If you have more than $10,000 I advise practicing what you preach and trade your car for a junker, sell your house, and anything over $10,000 in assets should be given to your friends.
SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH SETH RICH SETH RICHSETH RICHSETH RICH
I completely agree that the reason the police were ineffectual was because they were up against a bunch of armed men. In fact I think that this is really important to remember- walking in like you've got the biggest dick in the room and blowing someone away is what cops do when they're NOT afraid for their lives. When they're afraid they keep their heads down. 
I think that's very true and very worth remembering. 
But I also think it's important to push back on the people who are trying to preserve the police mystique by arguing that these cops totally coulda woulda shoulda, but didn't because of diplomatic immunity. 
Anyone who reads the damn paper has no excuse for thinking that a cop can't stop a violent crime in progress if diplomatic protection is involved. Cops do this ALL THE TIME. Every time a diplomat gets hammered and drives his Bentley home drunk, when the cops pull him over they take him in. They don't let him just keep driving drunk because the law says they have to. And if a diplomat can be forced to sleep it off in a cell to prevent him from endangering people on the road, lower level persons can definitely be physically stopped from kicking someone's head in. 
I knew that just from being an American citizen and paying attention. I didn't need this issue to go viral, I knew that last week and last year and ten years ago. And I //certainly// haven't received whatever training a D.C. cop gets on the issue- presumably they're more knowledgeable than "random guy who reads the morning paper."
And of course all the discussion of this has in fact confirmed that the cops had the legal authority to stop this. 
They just didn't have the capacity. Shockingly, it turns out it's really hard to get large groups of violent men with guns to do what you want. 
r/The_Donald needs to initiate a voter ID system. 
There is no doubt that "voting bots" are running rampant through this sub. There is no doubt these bots are acting in violation of Reddit's rules against vote manipulation. There is no doubt that the admins don't care. What can we do? We can look to the admins of r/The_Donald for the solution.  
Bots programmed to downvote every post and comment in this sub do not have the capability of commenting. Therefore, why not make a sticky saying, "ALL USERS SUBSCRIBED TO R/THE_DONALD MUST COMMENT IN THIS POST WITHIN 30 DAYS OF ITS POSTING. THOSE WHO FAIL TO DO SO WILL BE BANNED FOR TWO-WEEKS."  
Once the 30 days is up, compile a list of usernames who commented and compare it to the list of subscribers. Thirty days should provide enough notice to casual and infrequent subscribers. The two-week ban is limited to two weeks in order to minimize any undeserved punishment to "significantly infrequent" subscribers. As for the bots who are not programmed to comment, they'll lose voting privileges for two weeks.  
This will (a) show Reddit how substantial the revenge-based downvoting (committed in violation of Reddit's rules) has become in this sub; and (b) allow this sub to regain dominance on r/all.  
SPREAD THE WORD
full excerpt:  I think this proves the memo does not exist
KING: Could you tell us who else was in the room with you that day?
COMEY: No, because I'm not going to confirm that there was such a conversation because then, I might accidentally confirm something that was in the newspaper.
KING: But could you tell us who was in the room, whether or not there was a conversation?
COMEY: No, I'm not confirming there was a conversation. In a classified setting, I might be able to share more with you, but I'm not going to confirm any conversations with either President Obama or President Trump or when President Trump was the President-elect.
KING: Well, not the conversation or even the fact that you gave it to him, but can you -- can you tell us who was in the room for that briefing that you gave?
COMEY: That you're saying later ended up in the newspaper?
KING: Yes.
COMEY: So my talking about who was in the room would be a confirmation that was in the newspaper was classified information, I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to help people who did something that -- that is unauthorized.
This isn't going to go anywhere on reddit but I'll once again write that these studies are biased. No I'm not saying that people who are actually "obese" are really as healthy as someone who isn't "obese" but you have to realize that ALL of these studies drank the BMI kool aid.
There are two main problems with using BMI as a standard:
BMI, for those who don't know is the Body Mass Index and is calculated by:
* calculating your height in inches and multiplying by 0.0254 to get meters. Then double that number.
* getting your weight in pounds and multiplying by 0.453592 to get kilograms
* [weight] / [height] is your BMI with healthy BMI being between 19 and 25.
Now let's do some math for a very popular person like Arnold. He also hangs out on Reddit but I doubt he'll pay attention to my post. Arnold is 6'2 which is ( (6*12+2) * 0.0254 = 1.8796 meters. His off-season weight was 260lb which is (260 * 0.453592) = 117.93392 kilograms.
Using the formula you get: 117.93392 / (1.8796 * 2) = 31.37 BMI.
Ladies and gentlemen, this man is obese!
This would apply to anyone else who has a lot of muscle mass, particularly short people or women who have large breasts.
I'm not saying "and therefore, a man who is 5'5, has a huge gut and weighs 300 pounds is fit". I'm saying there are problems with using BMI as a category. Here is some criticism of the BMI usage.
crossposting this here: Over at the Donald right now they're rejoicing about how this story has already been "nuked" by Israel itself, quote from a news story:
"Israeli officials would not confirm that they were the source of the information that Mr. Trump shared. In a statement emailed to The New York Times, Ron Dermer, the Israeli ambassador to the United States, reaffirmed that the two countries would maintain a close counterterrorism relationship. “Israel has full confidence in our intelligence-sharing relationship with the United States and looks forward to deepening that relationship in the years ahead under President Trump,” Mr. Dermer said."
Not sure how that proves this is a non-story, and it certainly doesn't jive with everything else Israel is saying right now. Regardless, they didn't seem to read the rest of the article, which then goes into detail about how Israel has warned the US multiple times about doing this kind of thing, and they certainly don't seem to be interested in anything else Israel has to say about it, including this article, as well as another item on the front page right now where Israel confirms that an operative has been further endangered by Trump's ignorant nonsense.
Amazing, to force oneself to work so hard to stay so out-of-touch with reality. Can't imagine the amount of strain that must put on your psyche.
This is cowards talk.
You speak of two kinds of people, "normal" people and "dangerous" people. This ideal is misinformed and naive. It is a fearful ideal. There are two things that you seem afraid of:
The unchangeable truth that nothing you do on this will make you truly safe as long as you walk this Earth. You are afraid of the fact that at any moment someone could walk up to you and pull the trigger. A human being with true courage would disavow the desperate attempts at safety that only result in despotism and harm and open themselves up to the self sacrifice of being harmed by the violent exception. 
The second thing you appear to be fearful of is the duality inherent in man. Every one of us has within them a savior and a killer. If our environment pushes us far enough all but the most stoic among us would turn to our neighbor and slaughter them for our own preservation. You seem to be afraid that deep within yourself, you know that if pushed with enough force, you too would be a man with a gun, sticking people up for pocket change.
Not anymore.
I'm tired of hearing this line of bullshit. Are our (American) lives better? It comes at a great cost to have a military "policing" the world. Wouldn't that money be better used at home? We have major cities in this country that are practically at the third world level in living conditions. Some, like Flint, don't even have water, for fucks sake.
As I said, we have more important matters to tend to and it is better not to give people the ammunition to spew their bile. If we withdraw and I travel, and someone starts going off on Americans (which is pretty common now), they won't like my response.
That has little to do with us, and more to do with technology and advancements many of which came from Germany. Maybe it's time for Germany to lead. Doesn't matter to me so as long as it isn't us.
Not our problem. We're part of this world, yes, but it isn't our responsibility to right the wrongs of others when we haven't even righted our own but this is a good start.
The creation of the Russia narrative as a Democrat propaganda piece is in the Wikileaks.
Some key points:
-The first documented instance of the Russia narrative was by Hillary's campaign.
-Hillary's campaign was then caught in multiple lies. Each time revising the lie, then lying again.
-Democrats wouldn't turn over the server to the FBI.
-Democrats at this time were lying about the validity of the leaks.
-Democrats at this time were lying about their primary corruption, leaking debate questions, and everything else they were caught doing.
-The leaks  revealed the Hillary campaign creating the Russia narrative as a smoke screen.
-The "Russian" leaker appeared out of nowhere but didn't actually leak any new information, yet the Democrats always referenced this leaker, meaning this fake leaker was most likely a Democrat operation.     
And something many people still surprisingly don't know:      
-The hacks the intelligence community was talking about at this time were not the Wikileaks. They were separate incidents with separate reports, which the Democrats simply conflated to confuse the public. 
When you hear "intrusions" or "hacks" or "Russia hacked the Democrats" or "reports", we're actually talking about many separate incidents and reports spanning years which have nothing at all to do with the Hillary campaign narrative. Try to think of one big organization which hasn't had intrusion attempts, spyware, etc. You probably can't. In fact every big organization has probably been probed by an IP/proxy somewhere in the region of Russia/Ukraine/Kazakhstan/anywhere else on the internet the media calls Russia. Even Republicans have been probed and have had intrusions, complete with reports from intelligence agencies. That's the internet. It happens all the time.  So what does it have to do with the DNC Russia narrative? Not a damn thing. And that's the point. The DNC and MSM are liars who are intentionally confusing the public to this day.
The decline in mainstream media trust has been going on for longer than the election, however. Trump just picked up on that prior trend and exploited it.
Anyway, there are a lot of examples of the mainstream media failing to focus on certain events, lacking in accuracy, and at times maybe even fudging the facts to push a narrative. I'll just point out a few big ones that were polarizing.
The first example is when NBC edited the Zimmerman tape. This was big news in conservative circles, but most liberals I know of don't know a thing about it. The effect of the editing was to make it sound like Zimmerman reported Martin's race to the 911 operator without being prompted. In the widely-circulated NBC version the conversation went like this:
But, in reality, the conversation went like this:
As a Washington Post op-ed by Erik Wemple about the incident stated:
Source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/post/nbc-issues-apology-on-zimmerman-tape-screw-up/2012/04/03/gIQA8m5jtS_blog.html?utm_term=.e9391cdf9a55
The second one has to do with the Oregon militia standoff. Many liberals I've talked with seem to have no idea that someone was killed by federal authorities during the events that took place at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. But, again, this was huge news in conservative circles. Now, granted, how the shooting occurred could certainly be interpreted as justified by the authorities. But it's also clear that authorities contributed to how the events transpired.
See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWLHiU8gYWY
I have been repeatedly socially ostrosized and called racist for thinking moving statues is ridiculous.
It's part of history whether you like it or not! As soon as we accept removing history to keep people from sometimes feeling said we're opening a very Daniel door.
That and it's expensive! Charlottesville, VA wanted to spend $300,000 to move a Lee statue. How about we deal with the homelessness problem, repair the buses, provide adaquet pay to park and rec classes, deal with racism in the school district, or fix the busted up roads before dealing with this? It's just not all that important on the bigger scale and $300,000 could be used to make such a greater impact.
But yeah, I'm racist for thinking removing a statue is an effective way to handle racial issues...
And I am so tired of hearing people say, "people shouldn't be have to to think about racism everytime they see a statue." Right, so people shouldn't think and we should try to forget about those atrocities. This is going to play out horribly.
♫it's beginning to look a lot like treason♫
♫and every day we're snowed♫
♫Trump needs to get five to ten, he's shit-tweetin' once again♫
♫about something he saw on Fox a minute ago♫
♫it's beginning to look a lot like treason♫
♫Spicer's hidin' in the bush♫
♫But the best thing yet to see, is the subpoena that will be♫
♫On Michael Flynn's front door♫
♫A pair of handcuffs for Sessions and a pink slip for Bannon♫
♫Is the wish of Bernie and Liz♫
♫Carter will talk and the perps they will walk♫
♫Is the wish of Yates and Perez♫
♫And Comey and Clapper can hardly wait for the hearings to explode♫
♫it's beginning to look a lot like treason♫
♫and every day we're snowed♫
♫Christopher Steele made Trumpy pissed, but his facts are not to be missed♫
♫each new day confirms he was in the know♫
♫it's beginning to look a lot like treason♫
♫Soon the sirens will wail♫
♫And the thing that makes Trumpers scream, is the Russians in our memes♫
♫Popping up in their emails♫
♫it's beginning to look a lot like treason♫
♫Soon the impeachment starts♫
♫And the thing we’ll all want to scream, is for the GOP to get totally reamed♫
♫for stressing out our hearts♫
♫it's beginning to look a lot like treason, treason, treason, treason, treason♫
I don't think this is really true.  Perhaps it is for some, but certainly not for all.
I believe that it is reasonably well documented that there is a fear bias in those who lean conservative.  So really imagine that for a moment, imagine fear being your primary motivator.
So through this lens the world is now a scarier place.  And you want to feel safe above all, so you:
There are always going to be other sides of the story. The fact is, this thing needs investigated more. 
The family vehemently denying this so quickly is, in itself, not a valid reason to not look into this more. 
Directly after the DNC emails were leaked, Seth was shot in the back several times, with no witnesses, and none of his items were taken from him.
Russia was immediately blamed, with no real evidence, for the leaked emails, thus taking the public eye off both Seth's death and the contents of the leak.
Then Wikileaks came out with the reward. Seems fishy.
It may not be true, but a dialogue needs to be started, and more evidence needs to be brought to the table or dug up. 
This country's political system is so corrupt and bent on keeping power through any means, that if proof came out that Seth was killed for leaking this information, I would feel no surprise whatsoever.
That being said, thanks for linking this. It's definitely valid, though not a complete closure to this case. I personally find it much more likely that someone in the political system bent on keeping or gaining power would kill Seth for this reason than some armed thug would shoot him in the back and not even take his belongings,, with no motive, and with no witnesses.
You speak! So too shall I.
My point is that Iran has been conquered before, and it will be conquered again. The willful nationalistic conscription seen is not  the same thing as guerillas hiding in the population in an insurgency, it's the untrained population joining the regular forces. We usually call these people "soldiers" and not "meatshields".
Regardless of whether or not a percentage of the population joined the military, it really wouldn't matter in the engagement I envision because they would be denied centralized leadership, have no visible enemy to fight, and have no infrastructure.
Government officials tomahawked in the night as they sleep, no power stations, no bridges, no government buildings used for public services. Drop a GBU-39 on any gatherings of armed men or armor, let AGM-88s take out any remaining radio transmissions. That leaves them with no means of leadership or retaliation against an enemy which has no fog of war war(thanks Keyhole and NROL-39!).
It'd be over in a day. Raytheon's stock price would soar, Iran would be rubble, and the middle east would still hate us.
A few weeks ago I went to this hire for a birthday and had a great dinner and tied one on at the bar. The meal was excellent, and the bar churned out anything I ordered. 
Based on my bank account the following morning, it doesn't seem so far-fetched for his hotel to be a front for bribes. I don't have a problem paying for the top shelf on special occasions, but it just felt unreasonably expensive to pay for food & booze, regardless of how good it is. 
However, a more likely scenario is that Trump charges competitive prices at his business, and I'm thing to avoid feeling responsible for consequences bright on by liquor. 
Unrelated on The hotel... 
On the Thursday I went, the clientele was mostly either i) underdressed tourists motivated to visit the hotel by politics. Or, ii) one of the 2 dozen people in business attire sitting alone at the bar, checking work emails, and periodically giving 360-degree scans of the entire atrium, trying to size up the unusual environment. 
Between the supporters and bewildered businessmen, my party seemed like one of a handful of groups that were the target audience for the restaurant and bar at the hotel. 
However, before closing the old post office was an ugly and awkward tourist spot with cheap stores and cheap food that most visitors would remember as a glorified rest stop. The renovations really are a credit for the whole city. Hopefully politics will eventually settle and more folks can appreciate its historical value. 
Pick one.
You leave out all the valid critisms that made her an undesirable canidate to vast swathes of the electorate giving him the opening for this worst timeline to exist. Yeah, a lot of idiots believe a lot of fabricated bullshit, but it's no more pathetic than those who dismiss any negative story out of hand even when true. If she were this beacon of virtue you describe Trump would have never had a shot and probably wouldn't have run in the first place. They rubbed shoulders for years in the bowels of the same seedy oligarchic machine. 
I say all of this as someone who voter for her, but enough is enough already. She played a dirty game and got bested by the bigger slime ball. Stop passing the buck, every other possible entity that in any way could even remotely be partially responsible has heard you loud and clear, the only ones left blamed are yourselves.
Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee: "The shame of it is there's a really good national security team in place and there are good, productive things that are under way through them and through others," Corker said. "But the chaos that is being created by the lack of discipline -- it's creating an environment that I think makes -- it creates a worrisome environment." http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/15/white-house-denies-report-trump-revealed-classified-info-about-isis-to-russians.html
The proof of burden is on the WH to demonstrate that nothing of value was said. A 60 sec press brief does not accomplish this. What this does is create a position where our actual allies will no longer trust us with the information that we need to conduct anti-terrorism operations. It is up to the administration to demonstrate it can responsibly protect sources.
McMaster testimony in a future closed Senate hearing: 
Senator Franken, let me be crystal clear on this issue. In our meetings with the Russians, we gave President Trump false classified information and then the president relayed that false information to the Russians. Prior to the meeting, to mitigate Trump's inability to withhold any information, we briefed Trump in the White House hallway the following, and I quote: "Top-secret classified intelligence in the Middle East tells us with high confidence that the people of ISIS are planning to attack Jerusalem with ISIS Super Soldiers. With the help of a futuristic and powerful suit, ISIS Super Soldiers are capable of operating beyond normal human limits and abilities. Their finest soldier can shoot laser beams from his eyes. Furthermore, the leader of the ISIS Super Soldiers is able to guide missiles with his power of his mind from inside a specialized chamber. He is referred to as only 'Professor ISIS.'"  President Trump then relayed this new false information, along with a more detailed white paper, to the Russians.
This is what makes me feel like what he says isn't true. They were discussing terrorist activity and at no point discussed any military operations that the public doesn't already know about? First of all, that doesn't say anything about intelligence that WAS shared. Secondly, if you're one of the leaders of the free world, and you're talking to another major leader of the world about terrorism and what you're going to do to stop it, and you can't come up with a single plan to discuss with them that the public doesn't already know about, does that not seem like a pretty big red flag? You have the largest budget and the greatest intelligence sources in human history and you can't come up with something without telling the whole world?
I didn't vote for you, and I don't support the majority of your agenda Mr. President, but I absolutely DO want you to succeed. I want you to present views that oppose to mine, I want to debate with you and your supporters, and I want to have a discussion. However, if you are completely incompetent in your ability to lead this country that I love so much, then you need to go. 
"Even if it was just campaign rhetoric, I expect better.
Besides there was plenty in his past that had absolutely nothing to do with his campaign which was disgusting enough to know this guy was a piece of shit.
Anyone who "gave him a chance" is either wholly ignorant or an idiot.
The "grab em by the pussy."
The racial discrimination suits
The story of him assaulting his wife
All the stuff his ghostwriter said about him
The Central Park 5 and his complete lack of refusal to acknowledge he was wrong
The BIRTHERISM BULLSHIT? HELLO?
And if we are in the land of writing off "I prefer people who weren't captured" and "who cares about gold star families" as mere "campaign rhetoric" then fuck this entire country. Seriously. Just fuck the country. Or rather, we're already fucked if people can honestly think that way. We deserve it too.
Is it possible he wouldn't have turned out to be a colossal fuck up? Sure. In the same way it's possible for me to hook up with Alison Brie. It's a non-zero chance. But anyone who considers it a realistic possibility, FOR THE MOST POWERFUL JOB ON THE PLANET, needs to be taken out back and beaten raw because they're too dumb to function." - a gilded, deleted post I was attempting to reply to 
So much this. I was posting and speaking criticism of Trump in advance of the Iowa caucus (I'm a D in Iowa).  I mean he's been in the public eye for decades and made a complete ass of himself on the political scene with that birther shit.
Less then 10% of the South's population owned slaves, and the majority of soldiers serving in both armies were either poor conscripts or poor volunteers fighting for their home states. 
And aside from that, no Sherman did not target "slavers", he targeted any civilian target that he deemed as helping the war's cause. That meant burning people's homes, farms, stealing people's foods and money and clothes, and burning down entire cities. Sherman ordered his men to execute many Confederate prisoners for no reason other then to show an example to trouble makers, and forced Confederate POWS and civilians as a source of labor to help his army's advance. Despite his talking about not committing crimes, his men got away with several dozen accounts of rape, theft and murder, ironically mostly directed towards slaves themselves. Sherman viewed slaves as nuisances and even had his troops use physical force to keep the slaves from following his army, even going so far as to force slaves to stay behind as he had his troops burn bridges across rivers since he calculated that the slaves would either go back or drown in the river trying to follow him (and many did). 
If Sherman did half the things he did nowadays he'd be court-martialed and hung. If he were on stand at the Nuremberg Trials he would have been executed so quickly he wouldn't have been able to give a plea. 
Yeah I'm at the Clubhouse about to get a few people are coming over for a few over the past few months of the month to get a few more days of work to find the best time for you to meet with you on the phone or in the mail on the phone and email me the number of times that I can do it in my ass off the top of the 66m in the world for more than a year of experience with the food industry in a bit of a deal as people are coming to the office and I will be able at the house while I was in the process for a few days later this year to make it easy for you to get a few more days to get the butt of the Hill and I am providing you with a unique gift for a new home and the other is a bit of a deal to most of my life with you in the past few days and I have 3.5mil from my dad's and the other side of the world to see you there for a while now and then we can get a new phone and I will send you a copy of the two from the top of our list to get the laws changed to be addressed to you and the family for a while but I don't know what to do with that word means you will have to pay for Red Cross and I was stationed in Georgia and the city is located in the world and kill the people who have been in a relationship with a friend of mine who is in the mail and I will send you a copy of the Hill keyboard for all the people in the world and kill them 
I accidentally deleted your last message and my reply along with it! Grrr, now I don't have the links you sent. Do you mind resending to me? :-) 
Hey John,
Thanks for sending me the further information on Poland. It’s good to know that we will feel at home and generally welcome when traveling in the region next summer. Here, in areas where there are scumbag type characters, I definitely don’t feel at home. So that in and of itself is a plus! ;-) Given that I generally don’t drink at all besides a very occasional glass of wine, I don’t have to worry about bars and soccer fans generally unless I completely and stupidly ended up in the wrong place. But I have pretty good situational awareness. So does my daughter because I am not a liberal and train her to take care of herself and not to blindly trust people. She takes both Kung Fu San Soo and Brazilian Capoeira as well because I want her to be able to defend herself against bullies.
In regards to things to do on the visit, the sailing ship parade sounds really cool as do all the castles. I recall there is an Incan / Polish connection with some of the southern castles like Niedzika. I spent some time in Peru so this would be very fascinating to me. So thank you for all of this! You’ve mentioned a few times the Swedes have been an issue. I don’t know much about this. I’m kind of surprised to hear this given their generally beta attitude these days. I guess things have really changed. That is one place I have zero desire to visit to be quite frank. It’s sad.
That’s great that you and your wife want to come live in the US. She should have no problem with the spousal visa. What kind of work do you do? It sounds like your wife may be a student? If so, I highly highly recommend listening to this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USg3NR76XpQ and this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04wyGK6k6HE. Even if she isn’t a student, it is really fascinating nonetheless. I think Jordan Peterson has a better grasp on the zeitgeist here in the US than pretty much anyone else. 
Do you want to settle back in the Chicago area? If so, I would recommend the suburbs perhaps as the city is more dangerous than ever. My brother and sister in law live in the city. My mother lives up in the north shore suburbs which are very safe. But the city crime rate has gotten pretty bad. As for the Gary airport, I didn’t even know it was still in business for commercial flights. Cool that your grandpa designed it though!
I’ve lived all over the US, most recent departure has been in Savannah GA. But I’ve lived in the San Francisco bay area for almost twenty years now. So it is hard to leave, even with all the annoying liberals who I just tend to ignore or make fun of behind their backs. I like to wear my Liberal Tears t-shirt at home :-). We’ve been up in Marin county for about five years now in the same town as the radio host Michael Savage (if you happen to know him — another voice of conservative sanity in the bay area). 
Business is booming in this area, especially now, much more than last year when it looked like Hillary was going to win. So this tells me that the libs are pretty fiscally conservative no matter what they say or do out in public. I’m a software designer, so this is still the place to be. I have my own business and have been turning work away fortunately.
It is very expensive, however. If you want a two bedroom two bath rental in the town I live, be prepared to may at least $4,000 USD / month for rent. Forget about buying unless you can outbid everyone on the planet. Everything is going over asking. Healthcare is generally really good in this area. If you had a sprained ankle, you would have gotten treatment likely the same day that you called your doctor or they would have sent you to aftercare. If you have a pre-existing condition (which it sounds like you do) you could get coverage without having to worry whether or not you would be covered. But thanks to Obamacare, the rates have gone through the roof this past year. As a self-employed person my personal coverage rate in 2016 was $572/month as I don’t qualify for any subsidies. You have to make less that $42K a year I believe to be considered. So I end up paying for all the illegals to have insurance (ah now I am a racist I know!). But as a single mom it gets kind of annoying to pay for people I see who clearly have no insurance in the shiny brand new Mission Bay UCSF campus where my daughter has her Celiac disease treated. 
This year I lost it with the healthcare situation when my rates went up to $978 per month! Can you believe that?! This is just for coverage. Plus, I am very healthy and rarely need medical care. So I kept my daughter on the Blue Shield insurance policy and went on Liberty Health Share myself. My rates went down to $199 / mo and they negotiate prices for me.
I hope Trump can get some traction here with the insurance situation. But once people are used to freebies and handouts it’s really hard to take it away. So I think that is what he is up against with both the demon-rats and the RINOs.
If you have any other questions about living here and where you may end up, feel free to shout back to me!
All the best,
Marie
Like for Mothers day yesterday i put a pic of my mom and me saying "I was onced trapped a womans body then I was born" my Inclusive boyfriend got so offended sent me a text saying "I dont feel like good about things right now".  "WHY?" "BECAUSE I DONT." Im not sure if Snapped but I responded Im going to make sure i like my birthday "weekend" I don't understand and if anything You once told me I was Vague. Its not fair to tojust let me know "Im not feeling well about things" i ask why and i get the answer that basically said alot more than 3words. I just need you to know that there are things I keep quiet thinking its a maturity thing and I have to adjust accept but me being Vague comes from me doing my best to not offend you not to "hey i said youd have a good birthday but i dont think feelgood about things.because I dont"  its like why ask why if its a set up  to emotionally leave you hanging. Im not mad im not sad I just want this feeling gone it was a lovely day im not about emotional politics I wont react with calling you names or walking out or hinting what I want to say. If i am offended by the truth I am living a lie . I rather listen to what you feel not what you dont. And the whole "were on different pages"  uhh so I love you and our differences.  Im shutting all media off I wont be home and I WONT BE ON METH . All i hear right now is that saying you said "fuck you! Loser! You dontthink you deserve it?!" Honestly i mean it i will never say I deserve an attempt to being intimidated nor Tell someone they deserve the pain they get. Im not going to analyze shit but its apparent youhold built up Rage from XYZ I miss you I love you but you missed the point of what i told you about family wishing me the best and also throwing the wrench. Its like what is it you wish me a good day or not? You miss me or you dontthink things are good? You love me or were two different pages? Are you really compassionate? Including to yourself? Do you care of what you think or others? Its all ment to be answered to you only. I am disappointed this is how my birthday went fuck then he said at 11:11 "I guess this is it" an hour and half before him not "feelung good about things" I had simply said "I love you and I miss you"  to wich he atleast sends some reaction with saying it sincerely back. My Burthday is tuesday what should I do to MAGA ket him know hotel ill be Tuesday for my bday or not text nothing till he apologize. Should i first? Was a trippin likea liberal?
That's speaks about the people you have on Facebook and not the general public. All I've seen on Facebook is people calling it a stupid last ditch attempt to stay relevant. 
You don't need to capitalise "you" it blatantly isn't just me who thinks that, most people do. The only people I see wanting the voting age to be lowered are people that age or those who only want it lowered to skew the demographics and to get another party in. What a surprise Lib Dem voters want younger people to be allowed a vote if it gives them more seats. 
Just because there are adults who vote for stupid reasons doesn't mean all 16 year olds should be allowed too. Legally they're still children under 18 so drawing the line at 16 is arbitrary, why not 15? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_crimes_and_misdemeanors#United_States
Meanwhile Russian services are wreaking havoc to democracies around the world (as US+Euro services stay home with their hands tied), probably involved in blood diamond crimes in Africa and murders of political rivals of their puppets across the globe, and you guys are here discussing nonsense when Microsoft is trying to cover its ass for demanding payments for critical software updates that they won't patch in their old windows.
They're holding you ransom, by refusing to patch your old windows software. Demanding you buy new versions of Windows. They refuse critical vulnerability updates (I'm not talking about updates in general... CRITICAL vulnerability updates, errors/flaws in their code that is 100% their own fault, that leads to hacks. They literally refused automatic updates to Windows 7 users, which is a recent OS, I'm not talking old stuff).
And they also have software like the what was it, point-share? one of the most insecure sites that they sell to governments, corporations, and critical services around the world?
Covering its ass with the fact that they've eaten up billions of dollars from customers AND governments around the world....... while they refuse to make their OS as secure as Linux.
Why are you so focused on how much other people have? Shouldn't you be more focused on the fact that decade by decade the poor are getting richer and living standards are improving. Its almost as though what annoys you is not how much the poor have, but how much the poor have in comparison to a small few. 
" They also benefit exponentially more from the taxes collected, which maintain the infrastructure that keeps them rich."
I'm not sure how that is the case, the wealthy tend to be privately educated and have private insurance. They rely far less on benefits and do not use public transport as often. 
"I get the ideological idea, make everybody richer so we all get richer. It's good ideology, to a point. We must agree that that point exists somewhere, I feel that we are way beyond it."
I'm not making the point that if you make some people wealthy, then eventually everyone will become wealthy. If everyone were wealthy the no one would truly be wealthy. You cannot expect everyone to succeed astronomically, in any free society there will always be the few who through luck/hardwork will exceed that of most people. The point i make is that the rich already pay a fair share and for the most part earn their wealth by fair and legal means. Why should someone who has sought wealth and studied finance be punished because someone else who studied english lit or art doesn't earn as much? 
"History shows us that the wealth gap is leading us to calamity. Every single measure should be embraced to slow that down."
The wealth gap is irrelevant as long as the poor have enough. There is a saying "you should only look into your neighbours bowl to see if they have enough, not if they have too much". 
You may not want to admit that Palestinians are second class citizens but your claims show that you believe they are. A whole group of people should be treated like terror suspects simply because they are born of a Muslim mother? As if being Muslim is itself sufficient evidence. 
Your simply wrong about Israeli citizens perspective, they do believe that Palestinians are less human than they are. They openly admit it. I have met Israelis who say so, seen/heard them say so in documentaries and it is blatantly obvious from they way they treat Palestinians. 
You can't place security above human rights. There is no doubt that some Palestinians are terrorists but treating them all as if they are from birth is wrong. That attitude breeds more terrorists. 
I put rockets in quotes because they rarely hit targets. Some certainly have done damage and killed innocent civs, but Israeli weapons have killed 10x more civs. As the more developed people with far superior technology Israel should be trying a lot harder to not kill civilians. 
The U.N. and most of the westernized world agrees that Israel needs to change its ways, but support from the U.S. largely prevents that from happening.
Yeah the community college I went to was $49/credit hour. I transferred 54 hours to a major state university. If I had not changed my major as a junior, I would have graduated a semester early. I was able to concentrate on my major courses and work a part time job as a teaching assistant because I only took 12 hours each semester my last 4 semesters. I took interesting electives rather than having to shove gen ed classes in everywhere. 
My only real regret about the path that I took is that I never got a great foundation in math and when I took calculus 1, I really struggled. I went to work right out of high school for 6 years (while taking part time college courses) so there was quite a loss of knowledge from high school onward. I took remedial math and coehe algebra so I could get a reintroduction to concepts I had forgotten and did pretty well. I then took pre-calc at my community college and we didn't discuss basic elements like limits. First day in calculus at my university we skipped right over introducing limits because it was an expectation that you already knew the concept. It was a summer class too so it was fast paced and I struggled to keep up. 
It's not that I take it as a personal attack, it's that I attribute various different comments and actions to highlight a similar attitude. People seem to be attaching their own views and prejudices to this argument so it's not going far at all in terms of open discussion so I'll probably leave commenting on the matter further but it was just a simple comparative to how Junckers comments and the EU's actions have been similar in their approach. I never directly said they are just like them just that a similar reaction is visible. People have got too hardline to discuss this sort of issue really but junckers comments along with switching to french and having to apologise due to other comments have highlighted a similar response. You're fixating on small parts of my comment without context though, I never said he was wrong in what he said, I said the collective gathers a picture of a comparable position from one EU politician to one conservative one. It's easy to see some rallying and getting upvoted a lot for condemning the UK politician yet when similarities and comparsions can be made (as stated not to a 1:1 scale) the hard line attitudes stop fair comparison. People are just too biased to discuss this rationally so there is little need to continue, I couldn't give enough examples of juncker to convince some if I had a suitcase full. 
Oh well, it was only a passing comment but I can see it's really inflamed some of the anti-brits, wonder where that hard line position  came from though. 
You're 100% right.
For sure. It is a full blown email system. But it wasn't called that at the time before Shiva came along at age 14 and replicated the interoffice paper based mail system ;) 
From what I understand, his mom died and he was really very close to her. She left behind all his documentations throughout his child hood. This hits home for me as well because my mother still keeps things I wrote in elementary school. He submitted his docs to Smithsonian and to Time magazine and other newspapers, where honest journalists did stories. He then immediately received a huge backlash. He seems to think it's a huge coordinated backlash from groups with money and interest in the lucrative cybersecurity market. Since you were part of the scene, would you concede that Ray Tomlinson didn't document that entire Man page for mail(1)? It is sort of eerie the way so many articles have popped up and backlash has emerged only recently in reaction to the Smithsonian's and Time's publishment! 
His theory that you could just leave the country if you don't like it is a bit overly simplistic, however. Many Islamic nations have travel restrictions that prohibit this. But even if they allowed it, it's incredibly expensive to be forced to flee. And by the United Nations' definition of genocide; mandatory expulsion of a religion from a territory for the purpose of "cleansing" or otherwise is Genocide. It is well defined through statute and case-law. If a student said something in praise of the Holocaust, similar for Jewish removal, I would equally want to know that this was during an official state-school sponsored event.
You're being fuckwitted now.
Well, as a South Korean myself I contend that such an issue can't be resolved because of simply emotions
Believe me, ever since I knew about the Comfort Women the topic itself brings touchy feely emotions, but I try to consider it history. Yeah sure Japan may have done something horrible, and yes many people were hurt. 
The thing is its history, both Korea and Japan needs to acknowledge that something happened, and this argument needs to end. 
There are some issues. Some right-wing politicians such as Abe have made controversial denials of Comfort Woman before and some people support these people. I believe that most Japanese citizens have a correct mindset of this issue however. 
Also, many, MANY Koreans grind teeth (like my mom, dad, grandma, history teacher, and past-me) and just hate everything about Japan. I understand that things can get emotional, but to be fairly honest it would be a bilareral benefit for both cpuntries if this invisible wall of emotion was broken down...
I dont know how to say it. I try to stay as neutral as I can about the issue, but I do admit the subtle emotion does have effect ln what I think of the situation. 
Bottom-line, Korwa and Japan please stop fighting. Lets move on 
I believe this information is incorrect.
Firstly, healthcare has a history of rendering qualifications obsolete as seen in ABCs/O&P and nursing. I suspect the same may eventually happen to surgical assistants. Today we have varying responsibilities and careers for nurses based on education as a result of rendering past qualifications obsolete. There various patient care plan management tasks an ADN nurse is not permitted to complete, for instance. I ask that you please consider the vast challenges faced as a nurse. There is a context of comparing both the income and the sheer amount of work by the hour. I believe that, pound to pound of flesh, teachers may earn more or roughly the same as ADNs. The posted statistics that you can find for ADNS are shewed because it includes people with constant twelve hour shifts, work in penitentiary systems with high salaries. If money was all someone cared about then an ADN is not the route to go. There is an ongoing initiative to stop so many nurses from burning out and quiting entirely. But what educators and nursing program directors cannot fix is the belief that a degree is the only way to earn money, while a nursing degree is a surefire way to earn said money.
The demands of healthcare professions are extensive and require a great deal of discipline and motivation to help others. If your primary motivation is income, then you might very well find yourself burned-out and leaving a healthcare profession. 
Secondly, the starting salary for a surgical assistant is less than a BSN/RN salary, while NPs/PAs make double that amount. General cardiac or saphenous harvesting experience will increase yearly income from 50k to roughly 70k.
Cardiothoracic PAs/NPs earn six figures.